===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Inse at 19:06:38 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-07-16-19.06.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand_Inse, 19:10:26)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/dns-prop279   (Jeremy_Rand_Inse,
    19:12:52)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand_Inse, 19:25:18)

* Consensus Rules  (Jeremy_Rand_Inse, 19:41:38)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/45 Decrease the block
    size limit issue  (midnightmagic, 19:59:04)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand_Inse, 20:09:25)
  * LINK: https://github.com/Debian/dh-make-golang ,
    https://wiki.debian.org/MichaelStapelberg/GoPackaging , and
    https://pkg-go.alioth.debian.org/packaging.html seem relevant
    (Jeremy_Rand_Inse, 20:41:15)

Meeting ended at 20:57:21 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Inse (98)
* hl (38)
* midnightmagic (24)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
