===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:00:08 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-10-01-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:04:13)
  * hl released ncdns v0.0.5 recently, which fixes a TLS bug, adds
    support for Chrome Canary, adds a bundled SPV client, and has code
    cleanups  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:05:10)
  * I'm still waiting to hear from samurai321 about whether TLS works
    for him now  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:06:14)
  * Assuming that no significant bugs are reported in the next few
    weeks, I think this should qualify for collecting payments on
    several of the NLnet milestones  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:07:07)

* Firefox  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:08:56)
  * I've been working on a TLS cert API for Firefox.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:09:33)
  * The Mozilla people (particularly David Keeler and Andrew Swan) have
    been very helpful when I've had questions  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:10:13)
  * At this point, I have a WebExtension that gets notified whenever a
    cert fails validation, and replies with a (currently constant)
    authorization to override the cert failure  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:11:25)
  * Negative overrides (i.e. making a usually-valid cert be recognized
    as invalid) are going to be slightly harder because of threading
    issues, but it looks feasible  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:12:20)
  * The currently-implemented positive overrides add an overhead of
    about 1 to 2 milliseconds to validation (which only applies when the
    cert fails usual validation).  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:13:46)
  * This overhead will increase when we actually have to contact ncdns.
    Not sure by how much yet.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:14:14)
  * It should be noted that this API requires C++ patches to Firefox;
    it's not solely implemented in Javascript.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:15:06)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:17:29)
  * I've got a ticket to 34C3, and it looks like jonasbits is likely to
    get a ticket too.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:17:59)
  * Currently unsure if I should submit a talk proposal to 34C3.  Looks
    like the deadline is in about 2 weeks.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:19:05)
  * Namecoin got a bit of publicity due to DNS censorship by Spain of
    the Catalan independence referendum, which included Spain seizing
    the entire `.cat` registry.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:29:04)

Meeting ended at 19:40:48 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (37)
* hl (7)
* qpm` (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
