19:00:43 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #startmeeting
19:00:44 <qpm> Meeting started Sun Nov  5 19:00:43 2017 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand[m]. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:00:44 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:01:36 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #meetingtopic Namecoin Development Meeting
19:02:22 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Hi everyone, welcome to the meeting. Hope daylight savings time didn't throw you off the meeting schedule too much.  Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
19:02:28 <hl> Hi.
19:02:40 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Hi hl
19:04:44 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Okay, so first topic:
19:04:45 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic Namecoin Core
19:06:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info  brand0 has submitted a PR for the name tab to master branch.  It would be excellent if people can test the heck out of it
19:08:30 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info My macOS rebrand PR is now fixed and working according to a very nice macOS user on Twitter who helped test a few iterations of it until I fixed the errors
19:09:34 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> anyone have other Namecoin Core stuff to bring up today?
19:12:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic SPV
19:13:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I've rebased the Namecoin fork of bitcoinj-addons against the latest upstream from Sean Gilligan.
19:16:26 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I intend to spend some effort on getting the Namecoin fork merged upstream.  This is a nontrivial effort, but Sean is happy to help with stuff on his end.
19:17:44 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Anyone have other SPV stuff to bring up?
19:20:09 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic Tor
19:21:02 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I've posted documentation to namecoin.org on using Namecoin resolution with Tor via dns-prop279.
19:22:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Any other Tor stuff to bring up?
19:25:31 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic TLS
19:25:56 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info Chromium has announced that they're deprecating PKP.
19:26:30 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info This means that we will probably have to rewrite some TLS code.
19:28:10 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info On Windows, EMET and ECP are promising approaches for this
19:28:41 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info on GNU/Linux, we may need to cancel plans to support Chromium, unless Chromium decides to support better API's for this
19:29:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Any other TLS stuff to bring up?
19:31:15 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> oh, almost forgot...
19:32:14 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I've completed latency optimization work on the WebExtensions TLS implementation; up next is hooking it into ncdns
19:32:59 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic ncdns
19:33:48 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I've submitted a temporary kludge PR to build dns-prop279 and q as part of ncdns releases until we replace the build system with RBM
19:34:08 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> hl: any chance you could take a look at that if you haven't already?
19:34:22 <hl> I think I ACKed it earlier.
19:34:56 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> ok cool.  (Haven't checked GitHub today yet)
19:35:28 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I've submitted some fixes for static analysis warnings in ncdns
19:36:35 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> hl: how's the test coverage stuff for ncdns going?
19:37:03 <hl> The obvious gaps in ncdns have been covered. Oh yeah, did we agree that madns work would be in-scope?
19:38:35 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> hl: yes, as far as I'm concerned, any Go dependency of ncdns (including madns) is within scope
19:39:01 <hl> OK.
19:39:48 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info hl has covered the obvious gaps in ncdns test coverage
19:41:13 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I found a few minor bugs in the ncdns Windows installer that impact a fresh install of Windows 10 32-bit, bugs have been filed accordingly
19:42:15 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Any other ncdns stuff to bring up?
19:42:25 <hl> I don't think so.
19:42:45 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info YaCy
19:42:49 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> err
19:43:06 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic YaCy
19:43:33 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info jonasbits has been tinkering around with using YaCy as a decentralized Namecoin search engine
19:43:55 <jonasbits> hi
19:44:30 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: can you give us a status update on how things are going with YaCy?
19:49:02 <jonasbits> there are 2 very big crawls at cars.bit and taz.bit, i plan to blacklist them in the beginning and then when all is crawled to restart a crawl with taz.bit and cars.bit
19:50:15 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: ok
19:51:02 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info we've finally set up the NMDF Bitcoin address for YaCy-earmarked donations.  Hoping some community members will donate
19:51:03 <jonasbits> i will document my regex findings in a gist so more people can try it
19:51:34 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> cool
19:52:42 <jonasbits> it would be cool if the low level regex java code could be tested standalone, to find regex that is acceptable programmatically
19:53:40 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> yeah
19:56:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> any other YaCy stuff to bring up?
20:00:30 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #topic Public Relations
20:02:14 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://peacehouseok.org/outreach/fall-peace-festival/ I might have a table at the Peace Festival in Oklahoma City next weekend (they haven't yet contacted the applicants to tell them whether they're accepted)
20:03:24 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> If we're accepted, that means exposure to an expected 3000+ visitors
20:04:16 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> any other public relations stuff to bring up?
20:05:54 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> that's all I've got to report, I think.  hl, anything else from your end?
20:08:56 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: anything else from your end?
20:10:37 <jonasbits> i could start a dns-seeder on nmctest.net domain
20:11:23 <jonasbits> based on this golang code https://github.com/gombadi/dnsseeder
20:12:45 <jonasbits> one seeder for many networks
20:12:47 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: that would definitely be useful
20:12:54 <jonasbits> able to run multiple
20:13:02 <jonasbits> on same ip
20:18:28 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> anything else before we end the meeting?
20:23:03 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> okay, that's the end of the meeting.  Thanks for attending!
20:23:24 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #endmeeting