===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:04:08 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:14:44)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/138 domob
    re-enabled getblocktemplate.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:15:03)
  * There are still 2 miners left who are mining nVersion=3 blocks.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:17:47)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand[m] will ping Eligius again to ask them to
    upgrade.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:17:50)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:23:00)
  * HELP: We need someone to test whether my libdohj name lookup client
    works properly, and post a test report.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:23:41)
  * ACTION: brand0 will look into testing the libdohj client
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:33:22)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:33:51)
  * As you've probably heard, we've decided not to apply to GSoC this
    year, due to our developers being unable to handle the time
    commitment this year.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:35:15)
  * That said, I think it would still be useful to maintain the Project
    Ideas List, since it has use cases other than GSoC  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:35:51)

Meeting ended at 19:45:04 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] will ping Eligius again to ask them to upgrade.
* brand0 will look into testing the libdohj client




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* brand0
  * brand0 will look into testing the libdohj client
* Jeremy_Rand[m]
  * Jeremy_Rand[m] will ping Eligius again to ask them to upgrade.
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (32)
* brand0 (9)
* jbisch (5)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
