19:02:50 <jonasbits> #startmeeting
19:02:50 <qpm> Meeting started Sun May  7 19:02:50 2017 UTC.  The chair is jonasbits. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:02:53 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:04:04 <jonasbits> who is here today, say hello :-)
19:04:09 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Hello!
19:05:49 <jonasbits> are you guys here? hl, brand0, ryan-c, Squidicuz
19:07:48 <jonasbits> #topic Namecoin-Core
19:10:15 <jonasbits> Its kinda empty today
19:10:29 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/147 I noticed that namecoin-tx has trouble creating name outputs; fixing this would be great for facilitating hackers.
19:12:16 <jonasbits> I agree, and fixing testnet.
19:13:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> yes
19:13:07 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/131 A user reports that names that have been transferred out of a wallet still appear in the name tab GUI.
19:13:41 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> presumably brand0 is the one who would be best placed to fix this?
19:15:43 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/148 A NixOS user requested changes to Namecoin Core in order to play well with NixOS's filesystem layout; I referred them to Bitcoin Core upstream.
19:16:10 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Looks like Bitcoin Core is close to merging a fix for that
19:17:00 <jonasbits> cool
19:18:03 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: so what's the situation with the macOS Gitian descriptor?  We merged your renaming PR, is there anything else expected to be needed in order to build macOS binaries in Gitian?
19:19:02 <jonasbits> i fail building the dev repo, im going to first try to build bitcoin gitian and than try again with namecoin
19:20:40 <jonasbits> one contributing factor could be me building on a win10 host system with virtaulbox
19:20:55 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: I noticed when I was testing on a macOS machine a couple weeks ago that running "make deploy" on macOS is yielding a file called "Bitcoin-Qt.dmg" instead of "Namecoin-Qt.dmg"
19:21:05 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: is that likely to be the cause of the Gitian descriptor failing?
19:22:00 <jonasbits> Not sure, but good catch, we should try to fix native and gitian builds
19:22:38 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Yeah.  I haven't looked at what exactly "make deploy" does on macOS, but hopefully it's easy to rename Bitcoin to Namecoin there
19:23:36 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Also, the dmg file has the Bitcoin logo instead of the Namecoin logo
19:23:47 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Although that might be fixed by fsb4000's PR for NSIS logos, not certain
19:24:41 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> ok, summarizing the above for the minutes:
19:25:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info jonasbits failed to build the dev branch for macOS in Gitian, even with the renaming PR merged
19:26:03 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I think this may be related to "make deploy" on macOS yielding a file called "Bitcoin-Qt.dmg" instead of "Namecoin-Qt.dmg"
19:26:46 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> By the way, also related to macOS:
19:27:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info Since Namecoin is no longer participating in OU's Software Studio, it's unclear if I will continue to have access to a macOS machine to test stuff on
19:28:03 <jonasbits> maybe a virtual macOS system could be a way forward
19:29:04 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: yeah.  My understanding is that macOS VPS's with VNC access can be rented easily?
19:29:12 <jonasbits> cool
19:29:35 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Not really sure that I want to spend Namecoin project funds on that though
19:33:45 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> That's all from me in the Namecoin Core department
19:34:05 <jonasbits> moving on then
19:34:18 <jonasbits> #topic ncdns
19:35:00 <jonasbits> something you want to bring up Jeremy?
19:37:10 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info hl and I have been continuing to iterate on the ncdns NSIS installer.  It works pretty well already, and can bundle Namecoin Core and Dnssec-Trigger in the installer.
19:37:57 <jonasbits> Cool
19:38:35 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #idea We should look into moving the main ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos to the namecoin GitHub organization.  (They're currently under hl's username)
19:41:11 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info I did some preliminary research on using EMET for cert pinning on Windows.  This will probably take a backseat to getting TLS working on GNU/Linux though.
19:42:08 <jonasbits> is it possible to test ncdns on linux?
19:42:50 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: it should work fine on GNU/Linux, but TLS cert injection isn't implemented yet
19:43:04 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> I've used ncdns on GNU/Linux before, though not recently.
19:44:42 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Most of the TLS cert injection code from Windows should be applicable to GNU/Linux's NSS cert store, I think the main task remaining is just executing certutil (and of course actually testing to make sure it works properly)
19:45:34 * Squidicuz waves
19:45:56 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> hey Squidicuz
19:46:15 <Squidicuz> sorry, following.,. just way behind :3
19:47:22 <jonasbits> sounds interesting
19:49:41 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> That's all from me for the ncdns department
19:52:01 <Squidicuz> what is wrong with testnet?  I have some nodes running, but I haven't checked them in a week.. *shrug*
19:52:46 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Squidicuz: I think it had something to do with a bunch of old nodes being on the wrong side of a softfork.  Not really certain.
19:53:51 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Anyway, we're going to reset testnet with a new AuxPoW chain ID, so that we can try to deploy AAA on testnet
19:56:09 <Squidicuz> cool. sounds good
20:02:21 <jonasbits> Squidicuz: anything you want to talk about?
20:03:17 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> (I've got a few other miscellaneous things to bring up if Squidicuz doesn't have anything)
20:05:47 <jonasbits> Should i change the topic?
20:06:22 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> sure; change it to "Protocol"
20:06:49 <jonasbits> #topic Protocol
20:07:10 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/43 I posted a proposal for "pure name transactions" to improve privacy and scalability.
20:08:38 <jonasbits> this is really nice
20:09:56 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Nothing quite like getting a bunch of useful constructive criticism from ICANN people about Namecoin scalability in order to get me to work on stuff like this :)
20:11:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> And of course it also plays pretty well with the anonymity improvements that I was discussing with fluffypony
20:11:49 <fluffypony> +1
20:12:02 <jonasbits> welcome fluffypony
20:12:14 * fluffypony is always here :)
20:12:22 <jonasbits> :-)
20:12:26 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> (this, by the way, is the main reason I'm hoping namecoin-tx can add proper support for name outputs, it would make this kind of experiment much easier)
20:12:55 * Jeremy_Rand[m] waves hello to fluffypony
20:13:26 * Jeremy_Rand[m] would also tip my hat, but I'm not currently wearing a hat
20:13:33 <fluffypony> lol
20:13:37 <fluffypony> m'lady
20:15:32 <jonasbits> any other topic?
20:15:54 <sn0wmonster> yes!
20:16:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> anyway, it'd be cool if anyone wants to do some peer review of that proposal.
20:16:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> That's all I have for the Protocol topic; next topic I'd like to briefly cover is SPV
20:16:23 <sn0wmonster> I made a pull request 6 months ago to namecoin.org's repo and it was never accepted, so i closed it and made a new one.
20:16:30 <sn0wmonster> Are things like this being handled by anyone particular?
20:16:50 <sn0wmonster> is there some formal process of review and i'm stepping over all of that without knowing?
20:17:26 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> sn0wmonster: I think in theory I'm usually the one who does the review/merging (jonasbits also does that sometimes), I've just been busy lately with other things and the website has been a bit neglected as a result
20:17:50 <sn0wmonster> that's all well and good, but what's the solution? just wait indefinitely?
20:18:04 <jonasbits> https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/138
20:18:30 <sn0wmonster> jonasbits: ty. should i have used #link for that?
20:18:45 <sn0wmonster> or does that only work after i use #topic?
20:18:47 <jonasbits> I would need something about what this solves
20:18:50 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Turns out that it's a little bit hard to be the Lead Application Engineer and the Community Organizer at the same time as trying to finish my thesis and graduate :(
20:19:23 <jonasbits> yeah, we should help out more :-)
20:19:26 <sn0wmonster> Jeremy_Rand[m], i understand perfectly, i think lower-priority things should be micro-managed by others whenever possible though
20:19:36 <sn0wmonster> one cook in the kitchen isn't great for business
20:19:54 <sn0wmonster> jonasbits, i understand, i'll add that now
20:20:24 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> sn0wmonster: usually it's easier for me to review content/markdown changes than template changes, because the content can easily be reviewed without doing a Jekyll build.  That unfortunately means that PR's like yours which fix template issues take longer to review properly
20:20:32 <jonasbits> whats wrong, how this makes it better, then ill sure ACK it, its a simple fix
20:21:25 <sn0wmonster> Jeremy_Rand[m], that too is a good explanation, i have no qualms, just wantt o be more involved in namecoin in general and find it a huge turnoff for 6 month old requests
20:21:28 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> sn0wmonster: FWIW if another developer reviews and ACKs it, I'll merge without reviewing myself.  I'm not a gatekeeper in terms of reviewing, I'm just de facto the one who usually does it.  (although jonasbits does quite a bit as well)
20:21:50 <sn0wmonster> thank you, i probably should have asked that previously!
20:21:58 <sn0wmonster> now i know whose door to bang on
20:23:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> sn0wmonster: generally speaking, if a PR looks like it's being neglected, feel free to @-mention one of the people who frequently reviews or merges stuff in that repo, and hopefully that'll get their attention.
20:23:28 <sn0wmonster> jonasbits, https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/138/files it's a single change in the margin spacing to properly align the leaderboard with the content body -- it fixes the awkward misalignment that goes against the design's gridlines
20:23:37 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Generally speaking my approximate guideline is that if something hasn't seen action for a week, @-mentioning one person is okay.
20:23:49 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> If another week goes by, @-mention another person
20:23:51 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> etc
20:24:00 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> That's not a formal rule, it's just what I usually do
20:24:22 <sn0wmonster> Jeremy_Rand[m], as someone who hopes to have a successful large-scale open source project someday soon, i am looking for the best ways to manage as well. to me, if github issues are being used, they should be the bible.
20:24:59 <sn0wmonster> is there any reason i'm not grasping having not been involved as much as you guys at this scale, why doing itthat way isn't productive?
20:25:15 <sn0wmonster> is issue-tracking not in depth enough conversation about the issues? does IRC need to be involved and reminders sent ?
20:26:10 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> sn0wmonster: doesn't need to be IRC.  @-mentioning someone on GitHub works fine.  And is probably better since there's more of a permanent record.
20:26:34 <sn0wmonster> oh that's what you meant, my bad!
20:26:41 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> IRC is great for low-latency discussion
20:26:44 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> :)
20:27:01 <sn0wmonster> i thought meant mentioning an OP (@) on IRC. my symbols are getting confuddled.
20:27:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> no worries
20:28:11 <jonasbits> moving on
20:28:17 <jonasbits> #topic SPV
20:28:37 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/kyuupichan/electrumx/issues/83 ElectrumX merged a fix for partial AuxPoW support.
20:29:54 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> This patch, AFAICT, doesn't actually provide the AuxPoW proof in the Electrum protocol, but it does do enough parsing that it can process Namecoin and Dogecoin blocks without getting confused by the AuxPoW data
20:30:13 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Probably not incredibly hard to do a further patch to actually add the AuxPoW proofs to the Electrum protocol
20:30:39 <jonasbits> cool
20:31:00 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Also,
20:31:05 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/dogecoin/libdohj/pull/19 Ross Nicoll merged my security fix to libdohj upstream.
20:31:16 <jonasbits> nice
20:31:33 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> So libdohj-namecoin should now be safe to use with the mode that I had previously warned people not to try
20:32:46 <jonasbits> is it possible to build libdohj deterministic?
20:33:13 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> last topic I'd like to talk about is Public Relations
20:34:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: I don't think libdohj builds deterministically right now, but I've heard from Manfred at Bitsquare that Gitian works fine for Java code in his limited testing
20:34:13 <jonasbits> cool
20:34:34 <jonasbits> #topic Public Relations
20:34:49 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/traity/didentity/issues/1 I contacted Traity in March about their incorrect usage of Namecoin; they never got back to me.
20:35:20 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> It's unclear to me exactly what to make of their lack of response.  I'm really hoping this doesn't turn into another Onename.
20:36:49 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Some press reports suggested that they intend to migrate from Namecoin to Ethereum.  If that's the case, then it's arguably not worth worrying about their weird transactions since they'll be gone soon anyway.
20:37:00 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> On the other hand, it seems generally useful to try to reach out to projects that are using Namecoin, to help them use Namecoin more effectively.
20:37:08 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> I'm not really sure what the best course of action here is.
20:37:51 <jonasbits> The repo is not so polished, and there is very little documentation
20:38:13 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Yeah.  Not sure what to make of that either.
20:40:24 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Aside from the namespace issue, it's also unclear to me why they even need to use Namecoin for storing that stuff.  Seems like a timestamped merkle root (which works fine in Bitcoin) would make more sense than storing every hash in a name.
20:40:38 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Maybe there's something in their threat model that necessitates what they're doing there, but I don't see it.
20:41:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Their transaction volume for the few blocks I looked at seems to be greater than d/'s transaction volume, which could arguably classify it as spam
20:42:12 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> I assume that a lot of my concerns would be resolved if they were actually responsive to my contact attempt
20:44:16 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> in other news,
20:44:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/40 I enabled GitHub IRC integration for the gitian.sigs, meta, namecoin.info, namecoin.info-dotbit, and namecoin.org repos.
20:44:38 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #help We still need to enable GitHub IRC integration for namecoin-core and nameid repos.
20:44:45 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> I think Daniel is the one who has to do that
20:45:30 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://www.namecoin.org/resources/chat/ Matrix and IRC channel info is listed on the website.
20:45:45 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #link https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/123 I added an ICS calendar for dev meetings to namecoin.org.
20:45:56 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Also,
20:45:59 <Squidicuz> ni. i have nothing to talk about... unless you want to hear about the dimension....
20:46:02 <Squidicuz> 5th*
20:46:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #info Namecoin will not participate in OU's Software Studio going forward.
20:46:46 <jonasbits> ICS calender helped a lot, gave the correct time for the meeting and everything
20:47:34 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> This is primarily due to concerns about management incompetence and new policies at Software Studio that make it unfeasible for us to keep participating
20:48:14 <jonasbits> Great, i think this is a wrap!
20:48:17 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> I'm totally open to trying to recruit students via other means though
20:48:25 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> and that's it from me :)
20:48:38 <jonasbits> #endmeeting