<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:08:22 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:13:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Daniel has a pull request pending to finalize
    the block height at which BIP65 activated; once that's reviewed and
    merged, we should be able to switch to the dev branch</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:15:01)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">brand0 might
    be able to try porting the name tab to dev branch tonight</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-20'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:18:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Someone is asking on Reddit about macOS
    binaries for Namecoin Core.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-21'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:19:03)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jonasbits/namecoin-core/commit/1069cccdada095f3891d26d83759514b5b8654db">https://github.com/jonasbits/namecoin-core/commit/1069cccdada095f3891d26d83759514b5b8654db</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-26'>jonasbits</a>,
    19:22:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">Someone should
    submit jonasbits's changes for the Gitian descriptor for
    macOS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-31'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:27:27)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">ncdns</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-36'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:33:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Cookie support has been added to ncdns.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-44'>hl</a>,
    19:39:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The Windows installer bundle for ncdns now has
    its basic functionality complete, with chained installation of
    DNSSEC Trigger and Namecoin Core.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-45'>hl</a>,
    19:39:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The Windows installer bundle is now mostly
    done; all that remains is to allow people to opt out of installation
    of DNSSEC Trigger and Namecoin Core, if they wish to use their own
    installations on other machines.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-46'>hl</a>,
    19:39:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">we should look
    into moving ncdns and ncdns-nsis's official repos to the "namecoin"
    GitHub organization</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-48'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:40:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">I'd suggest that
    hl and I have commit privileges to said repos, and that 1 ACK by a
    Namecoin developer who isn't the original submitter should be
    sufficient to merge a PR</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-49'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:41:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    will fork the ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos to the namecoin GitHub
    organization.  I think I have the needed privs on GitHub to fork the
    repos and set up permissions; if not I'll ask Daniel to do
    it.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-52'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:44:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">by the way, breaking news from a few minutes
    ago... David Conrad got back to me, he says my writeup of ICANN58
    looks fine to him, with the exception of one nit omission (I
    mentioned David's title but not Adiel's)... I will fix that and then
    we should be good for posting it on the website.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-54'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:48:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hl will
    transfer the repos to the namecoin organization instead of having
    Jeremy_Rand fork them</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-66'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    20:02:23)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Tor</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html#l-86'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 20:09:02)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:38:11 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>brand0 might be able to try porting the name tab to dev branch tonight</li>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand will fork the ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos to the namecoin GitHub organization.  I think I have the needed privs on GitHub to fork the repos and set up permissions; if not I'll ask Daniel to do it.</li>
  <li>hl will transfer the repos to the namecoin organization instead of having Jeremy_Rand fork them</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> brand0 <ol>
    <li>brand0 might be able to try porting the name tab to dev branch tonight</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> hl <ol>
    <li>hl will transfer the repos to the namecoin organization instead of having Jeremy_Rand fork them</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] (73)</li>
  <li>hl (32)</li>
  <li>jonasbits (9)</li>
  <li>brand0 (4)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
  <li>Squidicuz (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
