===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:01:14 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-09-17-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:14:49)
  * I started tinkering with the raw tx API, and noticed that the name
    support in the raw tx API was really inflexible  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:15:24)
  * I posted a suggested spec for a refactor  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:15:34)
  * Daniel has implemented that spec, it's awaiting testing
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:15:44)
  * I'm planning to do some development against it and see how it goes
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:15:59)
  * LINK: https://forum.namecoin.org/viewtopic.php?p=17176#p17176
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:42:14)

* Search  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:24:45)

Meeting ended at 20:54:21 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (88)
* brand0 (32)
* jonasbits (15)
* jbisch (2)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
