===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:00:43 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-11-05-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:04:45)
  * brand0 has submitted a PR for the name tab to master branch.  It
    would be excellent if people can test the heck out of it
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:06:12)
  * My macOS rebrand PR is now fixed and working according to a very
    nice macOS user on Twitter who helped test a few iterations of it
    until I fixed the errors  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:08:30)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:12:01)
  * I've rebased the Namecoin fork of bitcoinj-addons against the latest
    upstream from Sean Gilligan.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:13:12)
  * I intend to spend some effort on getting the Namecoin fork merged
    upstream.  This is a nontrivial effort, but Sean is happy to help
    with stuff on his end.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:16:26)

* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:20:09)
  * I've posted documentation to namecoin.org on using Namecoin
    resolution with Tor via dns-prop279.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:21:02)

* TLS  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:25:31)
  * Chromium has announced that they're deprecating PKP.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:25:56)
  * This means that we will probably have to rewrite some TLS code.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:26:30)
  * On Windows, EMET and ECP are promising approaches for this
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:28:10)
  * on GNU/Linux, we may need to cancel plans to support Chromium,
    unless Chromium decides to support better API's for this
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:28:41)
  * I've completed latency optimization work on the WebExtensions TLS
    implementation; up next is hooking it into ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:32:14)

* ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:32:59)
  * I've submitted a temporary kludge PR to build dns-prop279 and q as
    part of ncdns releases until we replace the build system with RBM
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:33:48)
  * I've submitted some fixes for static analysis warnings in ncdns
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:35:28)
  * hl has covered the obvious gaps in ncdns test coverage
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:39:48)
  * I found a few minor bugs in the ncdns Windows installer that impact
    a fresh install of Windows 10 32-bit, bugs have been filed
    accordingly  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:41:13)
  * YaCy  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:42:45)

* YaCy  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:43:06)
  * jonasbits has been tinkering around with using YaCy as a
    decentralized Namecoin search engine  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:43:33)
  * we've finally set up the NMDF Bitcoin address for YaCy-earmarked
    donations.  Hoping some community members will donate
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:51:02)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:00:30)
  * LINK: https://peacehouseok.org/outreach/fall-peace-festival/ I might
    have a table at the Peace Festival in Oklahoma City next weekend
    (they haven't yet contacted the applicants to tell them whether
    they're accepted)  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:02:14)

Meeting ended at 20:23:24 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (54)
* jonasbits (9)
* hl (5)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
