===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:08:22 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-04-16-19.08.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:13:59)
  * Daniel has a pull request pending to finalize the block height at
    which BIP65 activated; once that's reviewed and merged, we should be
    able to switch to the dev branch  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:15:01)
  * ACTION: brand0 might be able to try porting the name tab to dev
    branch tonight  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:18:28)
  * Someone is asking on Reddit about macOS binaries for Namecoin Core.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:19:03)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jonasbits/namecoin-core/commit/1069cccdada095f3891d26d83759514b5b8654db
    (jonasbits, 19:22:02)
  * HELP: Someone should submit jonasbits's changes for the Gitian
    descriptor for macOS  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:27:27)

* ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:33:03)
  * Cookie support has been added to ncdns.  (hl, 19:39:10)
  * The Windows installer bundle for ncdns now has its basic
    functionality complete, with chained installation of DNSSEC Trigger
    and Namecoin Core.  (hl, 19:39:18)
  * The Windows installer bundle is now mostly done; all that remains is
    to allow people to opt out of installation of DNSSEC Trigger and
    Namecoin Core, if they wish to use their own installations on other
    machines.  (hl, 19:39:26)
  * IDEA: we should look into moving ncdns and ncdns-nsis's official
    repos to the "namecoin" GitHub organization  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:40:28)
  * IDEA: I'd suggest that hl and I have commit privileges to said
    repos, and that 1 ACK by a Namecoin developer who isn't the original
    submitter should be sufficient to merge a PR  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:41:45)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will fork the ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos to the
    namecoin GitHub organization.  I think I have the needed privs on
    GitHub to fork the repos and set up permissions; if not I'll ask
    Daniel to do it.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:44:18)
  * by the way, breaking news from a few minutes ago... David Conrad got
    back to me, he says my writeup of ICANN58 looks fine to him, with
    the exception of one nit omission (I mentioned David's title but not
    Adiel's)... I will fix that and then we should be good for posting
    it on the website.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:48:20)
  * ACTION: hl will transfer the repos to the namecoin organization
    instead of having Jeremy_Rand fork them  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:02:23)

* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:09:02)

Meeting ended at 20:38:11 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* brand0 might be able to try porting the name tab to dev branch tonight
* Jeremy_Rand will fork the ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos to the namecoin
  GitHub organization.  I think I have the needed privs on GitHub to
  fork the repos and set up permissions; if not I'll ask Daniel to do
  it.
* hl will transfer the repos to the namecoin organization instead of
  having Jeremy_Rand fork them




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* brand0
  * brand0 might be able to try porting the name tab to dev branch
    tonight
* hl
  * hl will transfer the repos to the namecoin organization instead of
    having Jeremy_Rand fork them
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Jeremy_Rand will fork the ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos to the namecoin
    GitHub organization.  I think I have the needed privs on GitHub to
    fork the repos and set up permissions; if not I'll ask Daniel to do
    it.




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (73)
* hl (32)
* jonasbits (9)
* brand0 (4)
* qpm (2)
* Squidicuz (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
