=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by jonasbits at 19:02:50 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2017/namecoin-dev.2017-05-07-19.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin-Core  (jonasbits, 19:07:48)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/147 I noticed
    that namecoin-tx has trouble creating name outputs; fixing this
    would be great for facilitating hackers.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:10:29)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/131 A user
    reports that names that have been transferred out of a wallet still
    appear in the name tab GUI.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:13:07)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/148 A NixOS
    user requested changes to Namecoin Core in order to play well with
    NixOS's filesystem layout; I referred them to Bitcoin Core upstream.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:15:43)
  * jonasbits failed to build the dev branch for macOS in Gitian, even
    with the renaming PR merged  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:25:25)
  * I think this may be related to "make deploy" on macOS yielding a
    file called "Bitcoin-Qt.dmg" instead of "Namecoin-Qt.dmg"
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:26:03)
  * Since Namecoin is no longer participating in OU's Software Studio,
    it's unclear if I will continue to have access to a macOS machine to
    test stuff on  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:27:12)

* ncdns  (jonasbits, 19:34:18)
  * hl and I have been continuing to iterate on the ncdns NSIS
    installer.  It works pretty well already, and can bundle Namecoin
    Core and Dnssec-Trigger in the installer.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:37:10)
  * IDEA: We should look into moving the main ncdns and ncdns-nsis repos
    to the namecoin GitHub organization.  (They're currently under hl's
    username)  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:38:35)
  * I did some preliminary research on using EMET for cert pinning on
    Windows.  This will probably take a backseat to getting TLS working
    on GNU/Linux though.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:41:11)

* Protocol  (jonasbits, 20:06:49)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/43 I posted a proposal
    for "pure name transactions" to improve privacy and scalability.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:07:10)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/138
    (jonasbits, 20:18:04)

* SPV  (jonasbits, 20:28:17)
  * LINK: https://github.com/kyuupichan/electrumx/issues/83 ElectrumX
    merged a fix for partial AuxPoW support.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:28:37)
  * LINK: https://github.com/dogecoin/libdohj/pull/19 Ross Nicoll merged
    my security fix to libdohj upstream.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:31:05)

* Public Relations  (jonasbits, 20:34:34)
  * LINK: https://github.com/traity/didentity/issues/1 I contacted
    Traity in March about their incorrect usage of Namecoin; they never
    got back to me.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:34:49)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/40 I enabled GitHub
    IRC integration for the gitian.sigs, meta, namecoin.info,
    namecoin.info-dotbit, and namecoin.org repos.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    20:44:25)
  * HELP: We still need to enable GitHub IRC integration for
    namecoin-core and nameid repos.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:44:38)
  * LINK: https://www.namecoin.org/resources/chat/ Matrix and IRC
    channel info is listed on the website.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:45:30)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/123 I added an
    ICS calendar for dev meetings to namecoin.org.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    20:45:45)
  * Namecoin will not participate in OU's Software Studio going forward.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:46:25)

Meeting ended at 20:48:38 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (83)
* jonasbits (40)
* sn0wmonster (19)
* Squidicuz (6)
* fluffypony (4)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
