<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:04:08 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:14:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/138">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/138</a>
    domob re-enabled getblocktemplate. <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:15:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There are still 2 miners left who are mining
    nVersion=3 blocks.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:17:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand[m] will ping Eligius again to ask them to
    upgrade.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-16'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:17:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SPV</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-25'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:23:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">We need someone
    to test whether my libdohj name lookup client works properly, and
    post a test report.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-26'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:23:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">brand0 will
    look into testing the libdohj client</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-34'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:33:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-35'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:33:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As you've probably heard, we've decided not to
    apply to GSoC this year, due to our developers being unable to
    handle the time commitment this year.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-36'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:35:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">That said, I think it would still be useful to
    maintain the Project Ideas List, since it has use cases other than
    GSoC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html#l-37'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:35:51)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:45:04 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2017-01-15-19.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] will ping Eligius again to ask them to upgrade.</li>
  <li>brand0 will look into testing the libdohj client</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> brand0 <ol>
    <li>brand0 will look into testing the libdohj client</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Jeremy_Rand[m] <ol>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] will ping Eligius again to ask them to upgrade.</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] (32)</li>
  <li>brand0 (9)</li>
  <li>jbisch (5)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
