19:00:57 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #startmeeting
19:00:57 <qpm> Meeting started Sun Mar 19 19:00:57 2017 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand[m]. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:01:00 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:02:37 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #meetingtopic Namecoin Development Meeting
19:03:10 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Hello everyone, welcome to the meeting.
19:03:18 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
19:13:13 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Anyone here today?  jbisch squidicuz jonasbits hl  brand0
19:14:05 <jonasbits> hi Jeremy
19:15:30 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Hi jonasbits
19:16:01 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> So as stated earlier today, I don't have any topics to bring up, as I'm still writing up a summary of QCon and ICANN conferences
19:16:08 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> jonasbits: do you have anything you'd like to bring up?
19:23:20 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> actually, one thing to bring up
19:24:14 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> Eligius hasn't mined any Namecoin blocks in the past 2016 blocks.  As such, I've timed out on them with regards to upgrading to nVersion=4.  I have contacted Slush (the only remaining nVersion=3 pool) to ask them to upgrade.
19:24:20 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> So hopefully nVersion=4 will lock in soon.
19:24:50 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> That's all I've got for today.  Anyone have anything else?
19:25:25 <jonasbits> That sound like a wrap up! Thanks
19:25:47 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> cool.  Meeting adjourned.  :)
19:25:49 <Jeremy_Rand[m]> #endmeeting