===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:03:17 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://github.com/midnightmagic/namecoin-meeting/master/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-10-02-19.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:07:58)
  * samurai321 on Reddit brought up possible compatibility issues
    between the name tab PR and 0.3.x wallet.dat files.  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:10:42)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/67#issuecomment-247847543
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:11:09)
  * HELP: We still need someone to test for the issue that samurai321
    brought up  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:11:58)
  * LINK: https://github.com/markhuber/modern-ie-vagrant if you need a
    quick vm to test in  (jonasbits, 19:24:24)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will try to test the wallet unlocking fixes in
    the name tab PR  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:28:03)
  * IDEA: Could we do Gitian builds of PR's in the future by using tags
    in the namecoin/namecoin-core repo?  E.g. nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:29:05)
  * AGREED: Future Gitian PR builds will be done via tags on
    namecoin/namecoin-core repo; we will re-evaluate as needed
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:44:56)
  * jonasbits confirms that arm7 builds work on rpi3  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:49:01)

* Static analysis  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:52:31)
  * I tried running scan-build for static analysis and realized you need
    to run it for both ./configure and make if the project uses
    autotools.  (jbisch, 20:13:10)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:17:09)
  * I did some security review of libdohj-namecoin, and fixed a bug
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:17:57)
  * the bug impacted a non-default verification mode (the one that
    retrieves a single full block over P2P after getting the height over
    REST)  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:18:47)
  * fix has been submitted to upstream libdohj  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:19:00)
  * and that is why the code isn't being distributed to end users yet.
    :)  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:19:17)
  * HELP: Can some people please test out the SPV codebase?  It's not
    that hard to build from source.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:30:07)
  * HELP: Can anyone look into what privacy improvements the Bitsquare
    people made to their fork of BitcoinJ?  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:32:39)
  * I believe pigeons said they've done some useful work on it, but I
    haven't really had a chance to examine it  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:33:05)

* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:42:23)
  * I've been engaging with Jesse Victors of OnioNS to see how we can
    collaborate  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:43:02)

* TLS  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:54:16)
  * hl, ryan-c, and I agreed on some changes to the TLS cert spec
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:54:37)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/ifa-wg/proposals/pull/24#issuecomment-249307249
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:54:51)
  * I'm about halfway through implementing those changes in ncdns
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:55:15)

* Public relations  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:03:31)
  * it looks like we have 4 OU students who are interested in working
    with us  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:05:11)
  * I *might* apply to give a talk at OU's Social Justice Symposium
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:06:03)
  * LINK:
    https://www.ou.edu/content/gec/equality-and-social-justice.html
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:06:13)
  * the website FAQ has been updated/expanded a bit  (Jeremy_Rand,
    21:18:40)
  * IDEA: Easy tasks for beginners, to bring more people to the project,
    on task could be: - Run namecoind on Arm7 device  (jonasbits,
    21:24:08)
  * IDEA: I know that ATI used to give out tiny bug bounties (like $3
    USD per bug) in order to encourage the community to test out betas
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:25:23)
  * ACTION: jbisch will check with Armory people (probably Goatpig)
    about whether the beta bug bounty program was effective
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:42:04)

* Funding  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:42:45)
  * Bountysource was having technical issues this morning, so I couldn't
    check our balance  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:43:12)
  * But it looks like our anonymous recurring supporter on Bountysource
    increased their donation amount again, it's now $15 USD per month
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:43:54)
  * NMDF hasn't received donations since our previous meeting
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:44:50)
  * I contacted Phelix about moving NMDF funds to an HD wallet; still
    waiting on an answer from him  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:45:23)

Meeting ended at 21:58:25 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand will try to test the wallet unlocking fixes in the name
  tab PR
* jbisch will check with Armory people (probably Goatpig) about whether
  the beta bug bounty program was effective




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* jbisch
  * jbisch will check with Armory people (probably Goatpig) about
    whether the beta bug bounty program was effective
* Jeremy_Rand
  * Jeremy_Rand will try to test the wallet unlocking fixes in the name
    tab PR
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand (176)
* brand0 (21)
* jbisch (19)
* jonasbits (13)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
