=========================
#namecoin-meeting Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 12:36:59 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://rawgit.com/midnightmagic/namecoin-meeting/master/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-12.36.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Jeremy's test meeting  (Jeremy_Rand, 12:38:13)
  * This info item appears in the minutes  (Jeremy_Rand, 12:39:12)
  * IDEA: Someone should make the MeetBot info link use https rather
    than http  (Jeremy_Rand, 12:40:04)
  * AGREED: non-TLS links are evil  (Jeremy_Rand, 12:40:32)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will bring that up at the actual meeting
    (Jeremy_Rand, 12:40:59)

Meeting ended at 12:41:38 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand will bring that up at the actual meeting




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Jeremy_Rand
  * Jeremy_Rand will bring that up at the actual meeting
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand (7)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
