===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:00:22 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-11-06-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:05:03)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/79
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:06:02)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will aim to get nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 posted
    to the website  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:07:02)
  * Reminder that Namecoin devs should be PGP-signing their Git commits
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:07:51)
  * jbisch_, it looks like your PGP key isn't associated with your
    GitHub account  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:08:29)
  * brand0 fixed Qt4 compatibility in the name tab PR.  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:18:37)
  * We need to merge release process fixes to master and 0.13 branches.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:20:41)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/106
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:21:02)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/105
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:21:11)
  * kld is tinkering around with static analysis via csbuild
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:23:20)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:26:46)
  * I released the bitcoinj-addons name lookup client on the Beta
    Downloads page of namecoin.org  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:27:17)
  * HELP: we still need people to test it  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:27:56)

* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:30:48)
  * wyatt and I tinkered a bit with Jesse's Stem code.  And I fixed a
    bug in Jesse's code.  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:31:17)
  * I'm hoping to have something working there soon  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:31:38)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:33:02)
  * I gave a talk at Mosaic  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:33:17)
  * not many people were there, but some of the people who were present
    were quite interested.  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:33:59)
  * One of the attendees has a bunch of friends who she thinks might be
    interested in Namecoin, I gave her my contact info to share with
    those friends  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:34:35)

* Funding  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:37:04)
  * NMDF moved its BTC wallet to an Electrum wallet.  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:37:16)
  * 2 developers currently have the seed.  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:37:30)
  * The website pull request that updates the address needs review.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:38:05)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/80
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:38:16)

Meeting ended at 19:45:50 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand will aim to get nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 posted to the
  website




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Jeremy_Rand
  * Jeremy_Rand will aim to get nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 posted to the
    website
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand (50)
* jbisch_ (18)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
