<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:03:10 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-12'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 19:12:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I got the 0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 binaries
    posted onto namecoin.org</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:13:37)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://namecoin.org/download/betas/">https://namecoin.org/download/betas/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:13:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Even better, we appear to have actually gotten
    some people testing them (based on some people who came into IRC to
    report that it was working)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-16'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:14:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Given that the name tab code seems to be pretty
    stable, and the only reported bugs are minor and IMO not worthy of
    blocker status, I've recommended that the code be merged if no one
    strongly NACKs within a week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-17'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:16:08)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/67#issuecomment-261701217">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/67#issuecomment-261701217</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-18'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:16:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">brand0 and I
    agree that it can be merged</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-22'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:18:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Once we're ready
    to start torture-testing AAA, it might be beneficial to actually
    deploy it on a testnet and explicitly ask a diverse set of mining
    pools to merge-mine it for a few weeks to make sure it plays well
    with their setups</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-36'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:24:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Right now, pools can't merge-mine both Namecoin
    and Namecoin Testnet because they have the same Chain ID, but my
    understanding from talking to Daniel is that there's no reason we
    can't give Testnet2 a different Chain ID, seeing as we're resetting
    it anyway</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-38'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:25:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">In theory that would allow an evil mining pool
    to intentionally DoS our testnet, but frankly that seems like a
    stupid attack since the testnet is trivially easy to attack anyway
    and there's not really any incentive to do it</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-39'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:27:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Generally I think it's really important to ask
    mining pools to torture test it, because none of us are really
    experts on the setup that the pools use</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-40'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:28:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I merged the release process fixes to master
    and 0.13 branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-42'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:31:24)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/106">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/106</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-43'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:31:37)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/105">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/105</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-44'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:31:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kld made some progress with the static analysis
    via csbuild on Travis</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-45'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:32:25)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/111">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/111</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-46'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:32:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Kevin (appears to be from Antpool) reported a
    mining issue related to the BDB lock limit</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-47'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:33:32)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/114">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/114</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-48'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:33:48)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/jonasbits/namecoin-core/commit/1069cccdada095f3891d26d83759514b5b8654db">https://github.com/jonasbits/namecoin-core/commit/1069cccdada095f3891d26d83759514b5b8654db</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-72'>jonasbits</a>,
    20:09:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jonasbits
    will submit a PR to dev branch to fix Gitian build for OS X (change
    "bitcoin" to "namecoin")</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-82'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:15:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">ncdns</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-85'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:19:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">hl did some cleanups of the ncdns codebase,
    including fixing a bug involving binding to port 53.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-86'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:20:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Meta</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-88'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:24:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">wyatt informed me on Friday that he has to
    withdraw from Namecoin development due to unexpected schoolwork load
    at the end of the semester</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-89'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:25:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also noting for transparency purposes that on
    October 31, some random malware vendor seems to have compromised an
    old Skype account of mine.  The account hasn't been used for many
    years (I think sometime around 2010)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-90'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:27:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">AFAICT the only data that the attacker would
    have gotten was the account's social graph; all they appeared to do
    was send a Baidu link to all of the account's contacts</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-91'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:27:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">About half a day later, someone tried to
    request a password reset against Dropbox accounts for me, jbisch,
    and pigeons</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-92'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:28:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The attacks seem very poorly executed and
    didn't seem to be making any attempt to be subtle.  So it's
    inconsistent with a return of the State-Sponsored Actors
    (TM).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-93'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:29:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Possibly related to a leaked Dropbox password
    database</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-94'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:29:21)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2016/10/24/russian-indicted-over-linkedin-and-dropbox-mega-breaches/">https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2016/10/24/russian-indicted-over-linkedin-and-dropbox-mega-breaches/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-95'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:29:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">interestingly, I inquired in the DWS
    Slack/Matrix channel about whether anyone there was affected; no one
    there got any Dropbox password reset emails.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-96'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:30:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I have no reason to believe that this has any
    impact on Namecoin or even any relation to Namecoin</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-97'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:30:40)</span></li>
  <li><a href="that">that</a> said, given my membership in the State
    Sponsored Actors Club https://state-sponsored-actors.net/ I figure
    it's appropriate to disclose here. <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-98'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:31:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-100'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:33:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">We could use some
    help nominating GSoC candidate projects</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-102'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:37:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">We could also use
    some help on a newcomer / help wanted task list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-103'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:37:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">We could also
    still use some help improving the website header's organization...
    really hard to find the Downloads link at the moment</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-104'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:39:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The website now redirects HTTP to HTTPS, and
    redirects .info to .org.  So that should boost security and our
    search engine ranking.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-105'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:41:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">OU's CS department is likely to have a poster
    session in early December.  I'll probably participate.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-107'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:43:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">Is anyone able to
    write documentation / introduction to Namecoin that's suitable for
    people who are experts in DNS but who don't have much/any expertise
    in Bitcoin?  Are hl and ryan-c the best-suited people to do
    that?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-108'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:44:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hl is cool
    with it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-115'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:47:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I talked to the Kovri people a little bit.
    Seems like they're interested in facilitating us.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-117'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:49:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Funding</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-120'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:54:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">Can people please
    review the PR that updates the donation address on the
    website?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-121'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:54:42)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/82">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/82</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-122'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:54:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">All we need is 2 people to confirm that the BTC
    address in the PR matches the one from Phelix's previous PR that
    Daniel and I already ACKed but which had a formatting issue</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-123'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:55:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I've NACKed using Patreon for fundraising due
    to ridiculous terms of use</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-124'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:58:36)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://web.archive.org/web/20160713013324/https://www.patreon.com/legal">https://web.archive.org/web/20160713013324/https://www.patreon.com/legal</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-125'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:58:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Among other things, Patreon has the right to
    force arbitration, and we would have to correspond with Patreon via
    snail mail for 1 month before we even have the right to initiate
    arbitration, but Patreon can use email to contact us if they want to
    harass us via arbitration.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-126'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:59:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We're continuing to receive $15/month from 1
    anonymous recurring supporter on Bountysource.  That brings our
    balance to $344 USD</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-127'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:00:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I don't have BTC stats this meeting since we're
    still in the process of moving the donation address</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-128'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:01:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The NMDF NMC address has received 17 NMC from 3
    transactions since October 16</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html#l-129'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:02:02)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 21:11:11 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>jonasbits will submit a PR to dev branch to fix Gitian build for OS X (change "bitcoin" to "namecoin")</li>
  <li>hl is cool with it</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> hl <ol>
    <li>hl is cool with it</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jonasbits <ol>
    <li>jonasbits will submit a PR to dev branch to fix Gitian build for OS X (change "bitcoin" to "namecoin")</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand (103)</li>
  <li>jonasbits (15)</li>
  <li>brand0 (13)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
  <li>hl (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
