===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:00:06 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://github.com/midnightmagic/namecoin-meeting/master/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Meeting logistics  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:05:16)
  * Our meetings now have a MeetBot to assist us in generating minutes
    and logs  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:05:50)
  * This is good because I was previously spending an hour or so
    uploading minutes manually after every meeting  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:07:17)

* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:11:14)
  * HELP: we need some people to test brand0's fixes  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:13:27)
  * HELP: if someone can create an 0.3.80 wallet and provide it to
    brand0 for testing purposes, that would be awesome  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:16:37)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or
    test the other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next
    couple weeks  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:17:30)
  * brand0 and I discussed the UX of the "import" field a bit on IRC
    circa Sept 11  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:19:49)
  * "import" is somewhat low priority at the moment, so it looks like
    that won't be fully figured out for a while  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:20:40)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:27:09)
  * As you probably all heard, the namecoin.org server went down on Sept
    9  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:27:48)
  * Service was restored on Sept 10  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:28:03)
  * I had a table at the OU CS Welcome Party on Sept 9  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:30:07)
  * 2 students so far have emailed me expressing an interest in working
    with us  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:30:25)
  * I have a few draft FAQ sections to add about how Namecoin relates to
    some other projects that we're friends with (MoneroDNS, Tor Onion
    Services, and Huntercoin)  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:34:59)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor
    Onion Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:35:52)
  * HELP: Are there other projects besides MoneroDNS, Tor Onion
    Services, and Huntercoin that we have some relation and/or
    comparison to that we should consider adding to our FAQ?
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:36:45)
  * btw, fluffypony from Monero has already reviewed my FAQ entry about
    MoneroDNS and he's ACKed it  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:37:31)

* Funding  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:42:31)
  * On Bountysource, we're continuing to get $10 USD per month from an
    anonymous recurring supporter  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:43:25)
  * Our Bountysource balance currently stands at $314 USD  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:43:52)
  * NMDF has not received any new funds since our previous meeting
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:44:14)
  * IDEA: Since Bitcoin Core now supports HD wallets, it might be a wise
    idea to generate a new NMDF wallet and move our BTC funds into it?
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:48:08)
  * IDEA: same goes for Namecoin Core 0.13  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:48:33)
  * brand0 thinks that could be a good idea  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:50:45)
  * Phelix currently holds the NMDF funds, so we'd have to convince him
    to spend the time doing that, or else give someone else control of
    the funds  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:50:58)
  * I can try asking Phelix about it if everyone here thinks it's a good
    idea?  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:51:40)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet
    for NMDF  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:53:34)

Meeting ended at 19:59:49 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the
  other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple weeks
* Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion
  Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week
* Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Jeremy_Rand
  * Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the
    other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple weeks
  * Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion
    Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week
  * Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand (61)
* brand0 (12)
* qpm (2)
* jbisch (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
