===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:01:31 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-12-04-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/116
  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:13:31)
* LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/117
  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:13:58)

Meeting ended at 19:30:43 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (26)
* Jeremy_Rand (5)
* hl (3)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
