<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:00:06 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Meeting logistics</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-12'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 19:05:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Our meetings now have a MeetBot to assist us in
    generating minutes and logs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:05:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">This is good because I was previously spending
    an hour or so uploading minutes manually after every meeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:07:17)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-20'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 19:11:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">we need some
    people to test brand0's fixes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-23'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:13:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">if someone can
    create an 0.3.80 wallet and provide it to brand0 for testing
    purposes, that would be awesome</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-30'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:16:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the other
    fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple
    weeks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-31'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:17:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">brand0 and I discussed the UX of the "import"
    field a bit on IRC circa Sept 11</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-36'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:19:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">"import" is somewhat low priority at the
    moment, so it looks like that won't be fully figured out for a
    while</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-37'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:20:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-44'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 19:27:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As you probably all heard, the namecoin.org
    server went down on Sept 9</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-45'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:27:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Service was restored on Sept 10</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-46'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:28:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I had a table at the OU CS Welcome Party on
    Sept 9</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-47'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:30:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2 students so far have emailed me expressing an
    interest in working with us</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-48'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:30:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I have a few draft FAQ sections to add about
    how Namecoin relates to some other projects that we're friends with
    (MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-51'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:34:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and
    Huntercoin for review in the next week</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-52'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:35:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">Are there other
    projects besides MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin that
    we have some relation and/or comparison to that we should consider
    adding to our FAQ?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-54'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:36:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">btw, fluffypony from Monero has already
    reviewed my FAQ entry about MoneroDNS and he's ACKed it</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-55'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:37:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Funding</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-60'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 19:42:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">On Bountysource, we're continuing to get $10
    USD per month from an anonymous recurring supporter</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-61'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:43:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Our Bountysource balance currently stands at
    $314 USD</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-62'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:43:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">NMDF has not received any new funds since our
    previous meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-63'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:44:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Since Bitcoin
    Core now supports HD wallets, it might be a wise idea to generate a
    new NMDF wallet and move our BTC funds into it?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-67'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:48:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">same goes for
    Namecoin Core 0.13</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-68'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:48:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">brand0 thinks that could be a good idea</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-70'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:50:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Phelix currently holds the NMDF funds, so we'd
    have to convince him to spend the time doing that, or else give
    someone else control of the funds</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-71'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:50:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I can try asking Phelix about it if everyone
    here thinks it's a good idea?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-72'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:51:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html#l-73'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:53:34)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:59:49 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-meeting.2016-09-18-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple weeks</li>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week</li>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> Jeremy_Rand <ol>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple weeks</li>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week</li>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand (61)</li>
  <li>brand0 (12)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
  <li>jbisch (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
