===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:06:58 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://github.com/midnightmagic/namecoin-meeting/master/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:13:47)
  * I tested brand0's wallet unlocking fixes in the name tab PR.  I can
    confirm that they work properly in my tests.  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:14:37)
  * As per the previous meeting's discussion, I've tagged Namecoin Core
    nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1.  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:16:01)
  * I've also uploaded GNU/Linux and Windows binaries, and Gitian sigs
    for nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1.  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:16:42)
  * HELP: We need someone to ACK/NACK the PR that adds the release to to
    the namecoin.org betas page  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:18:09)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/79
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:18:22)
  * brand0 has ACKed https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/79
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:23:01)
  * I noticed some errors in the Release Process docs; I submitted a PR
    to fix them  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:25:25)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:25:35)
  * Domob has merged those fixes to the dev branch  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:27:25)
  * Those fixes still need to be backported to master and 0.13 branches
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:27:56)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will backport
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104 to master and
    0.13 branches  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:28:31)
  * kld confirmed that Whit Jackson's instructions for building on OS X
    do work, with my proposed changes.  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:29:55)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:30:09)
  * HELP: we need to modify Whit's PR to add my changes, and target it
    for dev branch  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:30:48)
  * ACTION: cassiniNMC will submit
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with
    Jeremy_Rand's changes  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:37:09)
  * HELP: We still need someone to help test 0.3.80 wallets with
    brand0's name tab PR  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:37:50)
  * I think I have access to an old 0.3.80 wallet that I can put into
    Namecoin Core to see how it goes  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:38:26)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will try to test the name tab PR with an old
    0.3.80 wallet  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:39:21)
  * AGREED: After the 0.3.80 wallet testing, publicize the Namecoin Core
    nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 release; if no major issues found after 2
    weeks, merge it to Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:52:17)
  * IDEA: Actually, we need a summary page (e.g. on github) on the
    current status (with links) of (a) Namecoin Core, (b)  (cassiniNMC,
    20:00:52)
  * AGREED: Beta releases should be announced on the namecoin.org news
    section going forward  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:05:06)
  * IDEA: We need a summary page (e.g. on github) on the current status
    (with ETA, and with links to the repo) of (a) Namecoin Core, (b) GUI
    i.e. brand0's name tab PR, and (c) the SPV project.  (cassiniNMC,
    20:08:01)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:16:41)
  * I uploaded binaries of the SPV name lookup client  (Jeremy_Rand,
    20:17:05)
  * HELP: we need someone to ACK/NACK the PR that adds that info to
    namecoin.org  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:17:35)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/77
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:17:57)
  * brand0 has ACKed https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/77
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:24:12)
  * HELP: Can anyone look into what privacy improvements the Bitsquare
    people made to their fork of BitcoinJ?  I believe pigeons said
    they've done some useful work on it, but I haven't really had a
    chance to examine it.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:25:17)
  * LINK: https://github.com/bitsquare/bitcoinj   (pigeons, 20:26:29)
  * mkarrer is likely to be responsive in #bitsquare according to
    pigeons  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:28:20)

* Protocol  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:31:15)
  * I've been doing some preliminary research on detecting attacks on
    blockchain immutability for AuxPoW chains like Namecoin
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:31:52)
  * The motivation is to force certain types of Namecoin attackers to
    also have to attack Bitcoin if they want their attack on Namecoin to
    be successful  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:32:42)
  * I will publish my data (and deployment ideas) when I've had time to
    analyze more thoroughly  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:44:20)

* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:53:07)
  * The OnioNS Python/Stem codebase that we were planning to use, is
    likely to be obsoleted by the pluggable naming API in the future.
    However, that API is not yet stable or usable enough to be used for
    Namecoin right now.  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:09:41)
  * AGREED: wyatt will remain assigned to adapting the Python/Stem code
    from Jesse to work with Namecoin.  We'll try to keep most of the
    logic in ncdns's codebase (which should be future proof for the
    pluggable naming API).  We'll re-evaluate once the pluggable naming
    API has stabilized.  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:10:30)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand will continue to engage with the Tor people to
    make sure that the pluggable naming API meets our needs.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:11:41)

* TLS  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:15:35)
  * I've almost finished updating ncdns to use the revised dehydrated
    cert spec, but I can't test that code until I get my Windows VM
    working again.  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:16:18)
  * the Critical flag on the Extended Key Usage field is probably being
    put on hold, because it's more annoying to handle with Go's libs
    than I figured it would be, and it doesn't seem to be of much
    practical significance  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:17:05)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:20:47)
  * I applied to give a talk at OU's Mosaic Social Justice Symposium.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:21:07)
  * LINK:
    https://www.ou.edu/content/gec/equality-and-social-justice.html
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:21:19)
  * Acceptance will be decided by October 21.  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:21:31)
  * If it's accepted, the talk will be November 5.  (Jeremy_Rand,
    21:21:41)
  * jbisch talked to Goatpig about bug bounties.  Goatpig thinks paying
    for expert review is more productive than bug bounties.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:34:23)
  * AGREED: We will not pursue bug bounties at this time  (Jeremy_Rand,
    21:34:36)
  * GSoC 2017 is announced.  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:35:45)
  * IDEA: We may want to start working on a GSoC ideas page early rather
    than leaving it to the last couple weeks as we did previously
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:36:13)
  * IDEA: Also, as jonasbits said at the previous meeting, we may want
    to start an "Easy Tasks for Beginners" list  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:37:36)
  * IDEA: tag bugs on GitHub with a "newcomer" or "helpwanted" tag
    (jbisch, 21:38:21)

* Funding  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:43:16)
  * We're getting $15 USD/month from 1 recurring supporter on
    Bountysource.   That brings our balance in Bountysource to $329 USD.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:44:16)
  * NMDF has not received BTC or NMC since the previous meeting
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:44:49)
  * I talked to Phelix; he will work on moving NMDF funds to an HD
    wallet.  It might take him some time to get that done.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:45:39)
  * IDEA: It might be useful to put a Donate link in the header of
    namecoin.org.  At the moment the link is only available near the
    bottom of the home page, which isn't necessarily obvious to people
    who are following deep links to the site.  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:46:31)

Meeting ended at 22:24:34 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand will backport
  https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104 to master and 0.13
  branches
* cassiniNMC will submit
  https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with
  Jeremy_Rand's changes
* Jeremy_Rand will try to test the name tab PR with an old 0.3.80 wallet
* Jeremy_Rand will continue to engage with the Tor people to make sure
  that the pluggable naming API meets our needs.




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* cassiniNMC
  * cassiniNMC will submit
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with
    Jeremy_Rand's changes
* Jeremy_Rand
  * Jeremy_Rand will backport
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104 to master and
    0.13 branches
  * cassiniNMC will submit
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with
    Jeremy_Rand's changes
  * Jeremy_Rand will try to test the name tab PR with an old 0.3.80
    wallet
  * Jeremy_Rand will continue to engage with the Tor people to make sure
    that the pluggable naming API meets our needs.
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand (194)
* cassiniNMC (40)
* brand0 (23)
* jbisch (6)
* pigeons (3)
* qpm (2)
* wyatt (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
