19:00:06 <Jeremy_Rand> #startmeeting
19:00:06 <qpm> Meeting started Sun Sep 18 19:00:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:00:06 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:00:39 <Jeremy_Rand> #meetingtopic Namecoin Development Meeting
19:00:59 <Jeremy_Rand> Hello everyone!  Welcome to the meeting.
19:01:06 <brand0> hello
19:01:09 <Jeremy_Rand> Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
19:01:19 <Jeremy_Rand> hi brand0
19:02:56 <Jeremy_Rand> jbisch / hl / jonasbits / midnightmagic / pigeons / fluffypony: are you guys here today?
19:03:56 <jbisch> yes
19:04:08 <Jeremy_Rand> hello jbisch
19:05:16 <Jeremy_Rand> #topic Meeting logistics
19:05:50 <Jeremy_Rand> #info Our meetings now have a MeetBot to assist us in generating minutes and logs
19:06:23 <Jeremy_Rand> Major thanks to midnightmagic for setting that up for us
19:07:17 <Jeremy_Rand> #info This is good because I was previously spending an hour or so uploading minutes manually after every meeting
19:07:54 <Jeremy_Rand> Anyway yeah, hopefully that works out well and makes us more efficient
19:08:21 <Jeremy_Rand> Does anyone else have comments / questions about the MeetBot?
19:09:50 <brand0> nope, but nice work midnightmagic
19:11:08 <Jeremy_Rand> ok, cool.  Moving along,
19:11:14 <Jeremy_Rand> #topic Namecoin Core
19:12:10 <Jeremy_Rand> So last I heard, brand0 has fixed most of the issues that were reported in the name tab PR, but not much testing of those fixes has occurred... am I correct on that?
19:13:04 <brand0> Yes. I've personally tested all the issues reported except for the 0.3.80 wallet stuff, and have confirmed them as fixed. Would be nice to get a second set of tests though.
19:13:27 <Jeremy_Rand> #help we need some people to test brand0's fixes
19:13:53 <brand0> I can't get 0.3.80 to run or compile on my systems, so I need help there.
19:14:05 <brand0> Maybe if I can get my hands on a 0.3.80 wallet to test with or something.
19:14:57 <Jeremy_Rand> brand0: cool tip: you can start a message with #help and it will generate a "call for help" in the minutes automagically
19:15:11 <Jeremy_Rand> (at least, that's what the manual says)
19:15:19 <brand0> awesome
19:16:00 <brand0> I'm running my branch against mainline right now and doing some more tests. Things look good to me so far.
19:16:37 <Jeremy_Rand> #help if someone can create an 0.3.80 wallet and provide it to brand0 for testing purposes, that would be awesome
19:17:30 <Jeremy_Rand> #action Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple weeks
19:17:53 <Jeremy_Rand> anything else about the name tab PR brand0?
19:18:56 <brand0> Not really. Just kinda waiting on confirmation on the fixes. And general ACKS.
19:19:05 <Jeremy_Rand> ok
19:19:19 <Jeremy_Rand> Also on the subject of Namecoin Core,
19:19:49 <Jeremy_Rand> #info brand0 and I discussed the UX of the "import" field a bit on IRC circa Sept 11
19:20:40 <Jeremy_Rand> #info "import" is somewhat low priority at the moment, so it looks like that won't be fully figured out for a while
19:22:35 <Jeremy_Rand> Are there any other things anyone would like to bring up today about Namecoin Core?
19:22:53 <jbisch> Nope.
19:24:05 <brand0> Naw
19:24:40 <Jeremy_Rand> Okay.  Are there any other development-specific things that anyone would like to bring up today?  (As opposed to PR/funding/logistics)
19:24:51 <Jeremy_Rand> (I seem to have a short list of agenda items today)
19:27:05 <Jeremy_Rand> ok then,
19:27:09 <Jeremy_Rand> #topic Public Relations
19:27:48 <Jeremy_Rand> #info As you probably all heard, the namecoin.org server went down on Sept 9
19:28:03 <Jeremy_Rand> #info Service was restored on Sept 10
19:30:07 <Jeremy_Rand> #info I had a table at the OU CS Welcome Party on Sept 9
19:30:25 <Jeremy_Rand> #info 2 students so far have emailed me expressing an interest in working with us
19:32:34 <Jeremy_Rand> Does anyone else have public relations-related things to bring up today?
19:33:52 <Jeremy_Rand> oh, one other thing
19:34:59 <Jeremy_Rand> #info I have a few draft FAQ sections to add about how Namecoin relates to some other projects that we're friends with (MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin)
19:35:52 <Jeremy_Rand> #action Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week
19:36:43 <brand0> cool
19:36:45 <Jeremy_Rand> #help Are there other projects besides MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin that we have some relation and/or comparison to that we should consider adding to our FAQ?
19:37:31 <Jeremy_Rand> #info btw, fluffypony from Monero has already reviewed my FAQ entry about MoneroDNS and he's ACKed it
19:38:42 <brand0> I think that covers it in addition to the blockstack thing
19:38:58 <Jeremy_Rand> sounds good
19:39:25 <Jeremy_Rand> Cool -- if anyone thinks of additional projects that should be mentioned, let me know :)
19:40:28 <Jeremy_Rand> Okay, any other public relations related items to cover before we move onto funding?
19:42:31 <Jeremy_Rand> #topic Funding
19:43:25 <Jeremy_Rand> #info On Bountysource, we're continuing to get $10 USD per month from an anonymous recurring supporter
19:43:52 <Jeremy_Rand> #info Our Bountysource balance currently stands at $314 USD
19:44:14 <Jeremy_Rand> #info NMDF has not received any new funds since our previous meeting
19:44:31 <Jeremy_Rand> and by the way, let's not discuss ongoing efforts to get funding in this meeting
19:44:54 <Jeremy_Rand> ideas for things to try are good though
19:45:45 <Jeremy_Rand> anyone have cool new ideas for funding sources to try?  I know I haven't yet gotten around to Patreon and Flattr
19:48:08 <Jeremy_Rand> #idea Since Bitcoin Core now supports HD wallets, it might be a wise idea to generate a new NMDF wallet and move our BTC funds into it?
19:48:33 <Jeremy_Rand> #idea same goes for Namecoin Core 0.13
19:49:33 <brand0> Yea that could be a good idea
19:50:45 <Jeremy_Rand> #info brand0 thinks that could be a good idea
19:50:58 <Jeremy_Rand> #info Phelix currently holds the NMDF funds, so we'd have to convince him to spend the time doing that, or else give someone else control of the funds
19:51:40 <Jeremy_Rand> #info I can try asking Phelix about it if everyone here thinks it's a good idea?
19:53:34 <Jeremy_Rand> #action Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF
19:54:59 <Jeremy_Rand> ok, any additional things funding related?
19:57:10 <Jeremy_Rand> any other topics that anyone here thinks we should discuss today?
19:59:44 <Jeremy_Rand> ok then.  Thanks for being here everyone.
19:59:49 <Jeremy_Rand> #endmeeting