<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Sep 18 19:00:06 2016 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Namecoin Development Meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Hello everyone!  Welcome to the meeting.
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> hi brand0
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> jbisch / hl / jonasbits / midnightmagic / pigeons / fluffypony: are you guys here today?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jbisch&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> hello jbisch
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Meeting logistics</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Our meetings now have a MeetBot to assist us in generating minutes and logs</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Major thanks to midnightmagic for setting that up for us
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This is good because I was previously spending an hour or so uploading minutes manually after every meeting</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Anyway yeah, hopefully that works out well and makes us more efficient
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:08:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Does anyone else have comments / questions about the MeetBot?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> nope, but nice work midnightmagic
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> ok, cool.  Moving along,
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Namecoin Core</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> So last I heard, brand0 has fixed most of the issues that were reported in the name tab PR, but not much testing of those fixes has occurred... am I correct on that?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> Yes. I've personally tested all the issues reported except for the 0.3.80 wallet stuff, and have confirmed them as fixed. Would be nice to get a second set of tests though.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">we need some people to test brand0's fixes</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> I can't get 0.3.80 to run or compile on my systems, so I need help there.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> Maybe if I can get my hands on a 0.3.80 wallet to test with or something.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="hi">brand0:</span> cool tip: you can start a message with #help and it will generate a "call for help" in the minutes automagically
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> (at least, that's what the manual says)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:15:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> awesome
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> I'm running my branch against mainline right now and doing some more tests. Things look good to me so far.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:16:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">if someone can create an 0.3.80 wallet and provide it to brand0 for testing purposes, that would be awesome</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Jeremy_Rand might be able to create an 0.3.80 wallet and/or test the other fixes, depending on schedule constraints the next couple weeks</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> anything else about the name tab PR brand0?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> Not really. Just kinda waiting on confirmation on the fixes. And general ACKS.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Also on the subject of Namecoin Core,
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">brand0 and I discussed the UX of the "import" field a bit on IRC circa Sept 11</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">"import" is somewhat low priority at the moment, so it looks like that won't be fully figured out for a while</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:22:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Are there any other things anyone would like to bring up today about Namecoin Core?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jbisch&gt;</span> Nope.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:24:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> Naw
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Okay.  Are there any other development-specific things that anyone would like to bring up today?  (As opposed to PR/funding/logistics)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:24:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> (I seem to have a short list of agenda items today)
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> ok then,
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Public Relations</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">As you probably all heard, the namecoin.org server went down on Sept 9</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Service was restored on Sept 10</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I had a table at the OU CS Welcome Party on Sept 9</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2 students so far have emailed me expressing an interest in working with us</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Does anyone else have public relations-related things to bring up today?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> oh, one other thing
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I have a few draft FAQ sections to add about how Namecoin relates to some other projects that we're friends with (MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin)</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:35:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Jeremy_Rand will post draft FAQ sections on MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin for review in the next week</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">Are there other projects besides MoneroDNS, Tor Onion Services, and Huntercoin that we have some relation and/or comparison to that we should consider adding to our FAQ?</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">btw, fluffypony from Monero has already reviewed my FAQ entry about MoneroDNS and he's ACKed it</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> I think that covers it in addition to the blockstack thing
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Cool -- if anyone thinks of additional projects that should be mentioned, let me know :)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:40:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> Okay, any other public relations related items to cover before we move onto funding?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Funding</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">On Bountysource, we're continuing to get $10 USD per month from an anonymous recurring supporter</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:43:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Our Bountysource balance currently stands at $314 USD</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">NMDF has not received any new funds since our previous meeting</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:44:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> and by the way, let's not discuss ongoing efforts to get funding in this meeting
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> ideas for things to try are good though
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> anyone have cool new ideas for funding sources to try?  I know I haven't yet gotten around to Patreon and Flattr
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Since Bitcoin Core now supports HD wallets, it might be a wise idea to generate a new NMDF wallet and move our BTC funds into it?</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">same goes for Namecoin Core 0.13</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;brand0&gt;</span> Yea that could be a good idea
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:50:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">brand0 thinks that could be a good idea</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Phelix currently holds the NMDF funds, so we'd have to convince him to spend the time doing that, or else give someone else control of the funds</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:51:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I can try asking Phelix about it if everyone here thinks it's a good idea?</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:53:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Jeremy_Rand will ask Phelix about generating an HD wallet for NMDF</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> ok, any additional things funding related?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:57:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> any other topics that anyone here thinks we should discuss today?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> ok then.  Thanks for being here everyone.
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:59:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
