<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:06:58 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-11'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 19:13:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I tested brand0's wallet unlocking fixes in the
    name tab PR.  I can confirm that they work properly in my
    tests.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-12'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:14:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">As per the previous meeting's discussion, I've
    tagged Namecoin Core nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:16:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I've also uploaded GNU/Linux and Windows
    binaries, and Gitian sigs for nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:16:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">We need someone
    to ACK/NACK the PR that adds the release to to the namecoin.org
    betas page</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-17'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:18:09)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/79">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/79</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-18'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:18:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">brand0 has ACKed
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/79</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-27'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:23:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I noticed some errors in the Release Process
    docs; I submitted a PR to fix them</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-30'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:25:25)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-31'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:25:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Domob has merged those fixes to the dev
    branch</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-32'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:27:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Those fixes still need to be backported to
    master and 0.13 branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-33'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:27:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    will backport https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104 to
    master and 0.13 branches</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-34'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:28:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">kld confirmed that Whit Jackson's instructions
    for building on OS X do work, with my proposed changes.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-36'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:29:55)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-37'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:30:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">we need to modify
    Whit's PR to add my changes, and target it for dev branch</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-38'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:30:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">cassiniNMC
    will submit https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev
    branch with Jeremy_Rand's changes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-47'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:37:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">We still need
    someone to help test 0.3.80 wallets with brand0's name tab PR</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-49'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:37:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I think I have access to an old 0.3.80 wallet
    that I can put into Namecoin Core to see how it goes</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-50'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:38:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    will try to test the name tab PR with an old 0.3.80 wallet</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-52'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:39:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">After the
    0.3.80 wallet testing, publicize the Namecoin Core
    nc0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 release; if no major issues found after 2
    weeks, merge it to Namecoin Core</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-77'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    19:52:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Actually, we need
    a summary page (e.g. on github) on the current status (with links)
    of (a) Namecoin Core, (b)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-94'>cassiniNMC</a>,
    20:00:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Beta releases
    should be announced on the namecoin.org news section going
    forward</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-99'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:05:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">We need a summary
    page (e.g. on github) on the current status (with ETA, and with
    links to the repo) of (a) Namecoin Core, (b) GUI i.e. brand0's name
    tab PR, and (c) the SPV project.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-103'>cassiniNMC</a>,
    20:08:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SPV</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-113'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:16:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I uploaded binaries of the SPV name lookup
    client</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-114'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:17:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">we need someone
    to ACK/NACK the PR that adds that info to namecoin.org</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-115'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:17:35)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/77">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/77</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-116'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:17:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">brand0 has ACKed
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/77</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-122'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:24:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">Can anyone look
    into what privacy improvements the Bitsquare people made to their
    fork of BitcoinJ?  I believe pigeons said they've done some useful
    work on it, but I haven't really had a chance to examine it.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-124'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:25:17)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/bitsquare/bitcoinj">https://github.com/bitsquare/bitcoinj</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-126'>pigeons</a>,
    20:26:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">mkarrer is likely to be responsive in
    #bitsquare according to pigeons</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-131'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:28:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Protocol</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-133'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:31:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I've been doing some preliminary research on
    detecting attacks on blockchain immutability for AuxPoW chains like
    Namecoin</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-134'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:31:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The motivation is to force certain types of
    Namecoin attackers to also have to attack Bitcoin if they want their
    attack on Namecoin to be successful</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-135'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:32:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I will publish my data (and deployment ideas)
    when I've had time to analyze more thoroughly</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-153'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    20:44:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Tor</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-160'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 20:53:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The OnioNS Python/Stem codebase that we were
    planning to use, is likely to be obsoleted by the pluggable naming
    API in the future.  However, that API is not yet stable or usable
    enough to be used for Namecoin right now.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-189'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:09:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">wyatt will
    remain assigned to adapting the Python/Stem code from Jesse to work
    with Namecoin.  We'll try to keep most of the logic in ncdns's
    codebase (which should be future proof for the pluggable naming
    API).  We'll re-evaluate once the pluggable naming API has
    stabilized.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-190'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:10:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand
    will continue to engage with the Tor people to make sure that the
    pluggable naming API meets our needs.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-191'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:11:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">TLS</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-193'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 21:15:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I've almost finished updating ncdns to use the
    revised dehydrated cert spec, but I can't test that code until I get
    my Windows VM working again.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-194'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:16:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the Critical flag on the Extended Key Usage
    field is probably being put on hold, because it's more annoying to
    handle with Go's libs than I figured it would be, and it doesn't
    seem to be of much practical significance</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-195'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:17:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-199'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 21:20:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I applied to give a talk at OU's Mosaic Social
    Justice Symposium.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-200'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:21:07)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://www.ou.edu/content/gec/equality-and-social-justice.html">https://www.ou.edu/content/gec/equality-and-social-justice.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-201'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:21:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Acceptance will be decided by October
    21.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-202'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:21:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If it's accepted, the talk will be November
    5.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-203'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:21:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">jbisch talked to Goatpig about bug bounties.
    Goatpig thinks paying for expert review is more productive than bug
    bounties.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-218'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:34:23)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">We will not
    pursue bug bounties at this time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-219'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:34:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC 2017 is announced.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-220'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:35:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">We may want to
    start working on a GSoC ideas page early rather than leaving it to
    the last couple weeks as we did previously</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-221'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:36:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Also, as
    jonasbits said at the previous meeting, we may want to start an
    "Easy Tasks for Beginners" list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-222'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:37:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">tag bugs on
    GitHub with a "newcomer" or "helpwanted" tag</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-223'>jbisch</a>,
    21:38:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Funding</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-226'>Jeremy_Rand</a>, 21:43:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We're getting $15 USD/month from 1 recurring
    supporter on Bountysource.   That brings our balance in Bountysource
    to $329 USD.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-227'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:44:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">NMDF has not received BTC or NMC since the
    previous meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-228'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:44:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I talked to Phelix; he will work on moving NMDF
    funds to an HD wallet.  It might take him some time to get that
    done.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-229'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:45:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">It might be
    useful to put a Donate link in the header of namecoin.org.  At the
    moment the link is only available near the bottom of the home page,
    which isn't necessarily obvious to people who are following deep
    links to the site.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html#l-230'>Jeremy_Rand</a>,
    21:46:31)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:24:34 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-meeting.2016-10-16-19.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand will backport https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104 to master and 0.13 branches</li>
  <li>cassiniNMC will submit https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with Jeremy_Rand's changes</li>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand will try to test the name tab PR with an old 0.3.80 wallet</li>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand will continue to engage with the Tor people to make sure that the pluggable naming API meets our needs.</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> cassiniNMC <ol>
    <li>cassiniNMC will submit https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with Jeremy_Rand's changes</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Jeremy_Rand <ol>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand will backport https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/104 to master and 0.13 branches</li>
    <li>cassiniNMC will submit https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/97 to dev branch with Jeremy_Rand's changes</li>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand will try to test the name tab PR with an old 0.3.80 wallet</li>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand will continue to engage with the Tor people to make sure that the pluggable naming API meets our needs.</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand (194)</li>
  <li>cassiniNMC (40)</li>
  <li>brand0 (23)</li>
  <li>jbisch (6)</li>
  <li>pigeons (3)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
  <li>wyatt (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
