===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand at 19:03:10 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-meeting/2016/namecoin-meeting.2016-11-20-19.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:12:16)
  * I got the 0.13.99-name-tab-beta1 binaries posted onto namecoin.org
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:13:37)
  * LINK: https://namecoin.org/download/betas/   (Jeremy_Rand, 19:13:48)
  * Even better, we appear to have actually gotten some people testing
    them (based on some people who came into IRC to report that it was
    working)  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:14:33)
  * Given that the name tab code seems to be pretty stable, and the only
    reported bugs are minor and IMO not worthy of blocker status, I've
    recommended that the code be merged if no one strongly NACKs within
    a week  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:16:08)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/67#issuecomment-261701217
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:16:21)
  * AGREED: brand0 and I agree that it can be merged  (Jeremy_Rand,
    19:18:15)
  * IDEA: Once we're ready to start torture-testing AAA, it might be
    beneficial to actually deploy it on a testnet and explicitly ask a
    diverse set of mining pools to merge-mine it for a few weeks to make
    sure it plays well with their setups  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:24:37)
  * Right now, pools can't merge-mine both Namecoin and Namecoin Testnet
    because they have the same Chain ID, but my understanding from
    talking to Daniel is that there's no reason we can't give Testnet2 a
    different Chain ID, seeing as we're resetting it anyway
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:25:45)
  * In theory that would allow an evil mining pool to intentionally DoS
    our testnet, but frankly that seems like a stupid attack since the
    testnet is trivially easy to attack anyway and there's not really
    any incentive to do it  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:27:00)
  * Generally I think it's really important to ask mining pools to
    torture test it, because none of us are really experts on the setup
    that the pools use  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:28:44)
  * I merged the release process fixes to master and 0.13 branches
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:31:24)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/106
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:31:37)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/105
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:31:48)
  * kld made some progress with the static analysis via csbuild on
    Travis  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:32:25)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/111
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:32:36)
  * Kevin (appears to be from Antpool) reported a mining issue related
    to the BDB lock limit  (Jeremy_Rand, 19:33:32)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/114
    (Jeremy_Rand, 19:33:48)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/jonasbits/namecoin-core/commit/1069cccdada095f3891d26d83759514b5b8654db
    (jonasbits, 20:09:20)
  * ACTION: jonasbits will submit a PR to dev branch to fix Gitian build
    for OS X (change "bitcoin" to "namecoin")  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:15:22)

* ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:19:14)
  * hl did some cleanups of the ncdns codebase, including fixing a bug
    involving binding to port 53.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:20:00)

* Meta  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:24:54)
  * wyatt informed me on Friday that he has to withdraw from Namecoin
    development due to unexpected schoolwork load at the end of the
    semester  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:25:31)
  * Also noting for transparency purposes that on October 31, some
    random malware vendor seems to have compromised an old Skype account
    of mine.  The account hasn't been used for many years (I think
    sometime around 2010)  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:27:03)
  * AFAICT the only data that the attacker would have gotten was the
    account's social graph; all they appeared to do was send a Baidu
    link to all of the account's contacts  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:27:36)
  * About half a day later, someone tried to request a password reset
    against Dropbox accounts for me, jbisch, and pigeons  (Jeremy_Rand,
    20:28:33)
  * The attacks seem very poorly executed and didn't seem to be making
    any attempt to be subtle.  So it's inconsistent with a return of the
    State-Sponsored Actors (TM).  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:29:09)
  * Possibly related to a leaked Dropbox password database
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:29:21)
  * LINK:
    https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2016/10/24/russian-indicted-over-linkedin-and-dropbox-mega-breaches/
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:29:35)
  * interestingly, I inquired in the DWS Slack/Matrix channel about
    whether anyone there was affected; no one there got any Dropbox
    password reset emails.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:30:13)
  * I have no reason to believe that this has any impact on Namecoin or
    even any relation to Namecoin  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:30:40)
  * LINK: that said, given my membership in the State Sponsored Actors
    Club https://state-sponsored-actors.net/ I figure it's appropriate
    to disclose here.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:31:09)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:33:41)
  * HELP: We could use some help nominating GSoC candidate projects
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:37:33)
  * HELP: We could also use some help on a newcomer / help wanted task
    list  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:37:50)
  * HELP: We could also still use some help improving the website
    header's organization... really hard to find the Downloads link at
    the moment  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:39:56)
  * The website now redirects HTTP to HTTPS, and redirects .info to
    .org.  So that should boost security and our search engine ranking.
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:41:19)
  * OU's CS department is likely to have a poster session in early
    December.  I'll probably participate.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:43:14)
  * HELP: Is anyone able to write documentation / introduction to
    Namecoin that's suitable for people who are experts in DNS but who
    don't have much/any expertise in Bitcoin?  Are hl and ryan-c the
    best-suited people to do that?  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:44:53)
  * ACTION: hl is cool with it  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:47:29)
  * I talked to the Kovri people a little bit.  Seems like they're
    interested in facilitating us.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:49:15)

* Funding  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:54:04)
  * HELP: Can people please review the PR that updates the donation
    address on the website?  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:54:42)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/82
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:54:54)
  * All we need is 2 people to confirm that the BTC address in the PR
    matches the one from Phelix's previous PR that Daniel and I already
    ACKed but which had a formatting issue  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:55:32)
  * I've NACKed using Patreon for fundraising due to ridiculous terms of
    use  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:58:36)
  * LINK:
    https://web.archive.org/web/20160713013324/https://www.patreon.com/legal
    (Jeremy_Rand, 20:58:45)
  * Among other things, Patreon has the right to force arbitration, and
    we would have to correspond with Patreon via snail mail for 1 month
    before we even have the right to initiate arbitration, but Patreon
    can use email to contact us if they want to harass us via
    arbitration.  (Jeremy_Rand, 20:59:34)
  * We're continuing to receive $15/month from 1 anonymous recurring
    supporter on Bountysource.  That brings our balance to $344 USD
    (Jeremy_Rand, 21:00:55)
  * I don't have BTC stats this meeting since we're still in the process
    of moving the donation address  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:01:22)
  * The NMDF NMC address has received 17 NMC from 3 transactions since
    October 16  (Jeremy_Rand, 21:02:02)

Meeting ended at 21:11:11 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* jonasbits will submit a PR to dev branch to fix Gitian build for OS X
  (change "bitcoin" to "namecoin")
* hl is cool with it




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* hl
  * hl is cool with it
* jonasbits
  * jonasbits will submit a PR to dev branch to fix Gitian build for OS
    X (change "bitcoin" to "namecoin")
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand (103)
* jonasbits (15)
* brand0 (13)
* qpm (2)
* hl (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
