<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-meeting log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Jan  1 19:02:55 2017 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand[m]. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Namecoin Development Meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Hello everyone, welcome to the first Namecoin development meeting of 2017!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> jbisch / midnightmagic / brand0 / hl / jonasbits: are you here today?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jeremy_Rand[m]:</span> Hi.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Hi hl
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> (I hope hl and I aren't the only ones here again today :) )
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pigeons&gt;</span> i'm observing :)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Hi pigeons!
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> I'm aware that meetings on Jan 1 are likely to have lower attendance than usual
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jbisch&gt;</span> yeah, i'm not here
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">pigeons:</span> Did Monero have a meeting earlier today?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> I've been meaning to attend the Monero meetings but have been overly busy :(
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;pigeons&gt;</span> no its Jan 8
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">pigeons:</span> ok
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Maybe I'll make the next meeting.  Maybe.  I hope.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Anyways
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> First topic of the meeting is...
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Namecoin Core</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/136 fsb4000 Submitted a PR for rebranding the NSIS images.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">We need someone to review fsb4000's PR for rebranding the NSIS images.</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:15:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Anyone up for looking at that?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> (Given the people who are currently attending this meeting, I suspect there won't be any takers)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:19:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/138 domob submitted a PR for re-enabling getblocktemplate.</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">DrHaribo from BitMinter confirms it's working.</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/117 domob fixed a bug where Namecoin Core assert-crashes when a user tries to broadcast an invalid name transaction.</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There are 2 miners left who are still mining nVersion=3 blocks.</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:21:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The smaller is Eligius; I've contacted them first so that they don't get kicked off the network when the larger one upgrades.</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Any other Namecoin Core things to bring up today?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Okay, moving onto the next topic
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">SPV</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ahmed_ is planning to experiment with a Namecoin port of Electrum.</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I reached out to the author of the ElectrumX server implementation to discuss AuxPoW support</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Any other SPV-related topics to discuss before we move on to the next topic?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Okay, moving on...
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">ncdns</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">hl and I are making significant progress on an ncdns NSIS installer.</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> The Namecoin Bountysource account is funding hl's work on this.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:31:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> So huge thanks to the anonymous person who's funding us on Bountysource.  :)
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:32:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Any other ncdns things that anyone would like to bring up before we move on?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Okay, moving on again
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Public Relations</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/86 I submitted a website PR to improve the header layout organization.</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">We need someone to review my website PR to improve the header layout organization.</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hl:</span> Since this PR makes things work better when Javascript is disabled, you might enjoy reviewing it.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:39:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jeremy_Rand[m]:</span> the noscript tag is generally a bad way to do things. I recommend you add a 'nojs' class to &lt;html&gt;, change the CSS to be conditional on it, and remove that class from &lt;html&gt; with a script tag just before &lt;/body&gt;
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> This works in cases where the browser doesn't consider JS to be disabled, but where the JS doesn't work for some reason anyway.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:40:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hl:</span> Hmm, isn't there a risk of that causing flickering or something?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:40:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> Possibly. If you don't want that, put the script in &lt;head&gt;.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hl:</span> Hmm.  Last I heard it's recommended not to use inline Javascript and instead use external Javascript resources (due to certain attacks); will an external .js file referenced inside &lt;head&gt; still run before anything in &lt;body&gt; is displayed?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> Yes.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Interesting.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> I'm not sure inline JavaScript concerns are relevant for static sites, of course. Mainly that seems like an issue if you want to use CSP, but there doesn't seem much point for static sites.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:43:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hl:</span> ok, can you post that suggestion in that GitHub thread and I'll look at fixing it?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> &lt;script&gt; tags are always blocking unless async="" is set on them, and that's a relatively 'new' feature.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hl&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:44:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> It's definitely less of an issue for static sites, but I figure it can't hurt to have some defense in depth
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/87 Sn0wmonster submitted a website PR to improve tagline placement.</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">We need someone to review Sn0wmonster's website PR to improve tagline placement.</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/40 Sn0wmonster suggested adding GitHub notifications over IRC.</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> We already receive Travis CI notifications in #namecoin-dev, will anyone be annoyed if we add GitHub notifications there?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> I will interpret the lack of dissent as agreement.  :)
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://namecoin.org/team/ jbisch is now listed on the Team page.</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> This is kind of long overdue, but better late then never
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">We need to finish up a GSoC mentor organization submission.</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:52:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> (Or, as the market manipulators would claim without evidence, we need to finish up selling control of the Namecoin network to Big Goo so we can make buckets of money and retire to a CIA base)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:53:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Jeremy_Rand[m] will write up a draft Markdown page for the GSoC ideas page.</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:54:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">We need to remove the old Beta Downloads links hosted by brand0.</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Any other public relations things before we move on to the next topic?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Funding</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:57:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/85 I submitted a website PR to allow issue/task-specific Bitcoin donations.</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:58:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#help </span><span class="cmdline">We need someone (probably domob) to review my website PR to allow issue/task-specific Bitcoin donations.</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:58:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">On Bountysource we're receiving $15 USD/month from 1 recurring supporter.</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">On Bountysource our available balance is $359 USD.</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">NMDF received 0.55 BTC during December.</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">NMDF's BTC balance is 4.58 BTC (some of which is currently allocated to bounties)</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">NMDF received 1 NMC during December.</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Any other funding-related things to bring up today?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Any other topics that anyone would like to bring up before we adjourn the meeting for today?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Okay then.  Relatively quiet meeting, but unsurprising given today's date.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> Thanks for being here everyone.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand[m]&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
