===============================================
#namecoin-meeting: Namecoin Development Meeting
===============================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:02:55 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-meeting/2017/namecoin-meeting.2017-01-01-19.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:14:13)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/136 fsb4000
    Submitted a PR for rebranding the NSIS images.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:14:47)
  * HELP: We need someone to review fsb4000's PR for rebranding the NSIS
    images.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:14:59)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/138 domob
    submitted a PR for re-enabling getblocktemplate.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:19:50)
  * DrHaribo from BitMinter confirms it's working.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:19:56)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/117 domob fixed
    a bug where Namecoin Core assert-crashes when a user tries to
    broadcast an invalid name transaction.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:20:34)
  * There are 2 miners left who are still mining nVersion=3 blocks.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:21:19)
  * The smaller is Eligius; I've contacted them first so that they don't
    get kicked off the network when the larger one upgrades.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:21:39)

* SPV  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:24:47)
  * ahmed_ is planning to experiment with a Namecoin port of Electrum.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:25:08)
  * I reached out to the author of the ElectrumX server implementation
    to discuss AuxPoW support  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:26:41)

* ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:29:39)
  * hl and I are making significant progress on an ncdns NSIS installer.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:30:12)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:35:02)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/86 I submitted a
    website PR to improve the header layout organization.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:35:44)
  * HELP: We need someone to review my website PR to improve the header
    layout organization.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:36:04)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/87 Sn0wmonster
    submitted a website PR to improve tagline placement.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:45:14)
  * HELP: We need someone to review Sn0wmonster's website PR to improve
    tagline placement.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:45:42)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/meta/issues/40 Sn0wmonster
    suggested adding GitHub notifications over IRC.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:46:12)
  * LINK: https://namecoin.org/team/ jbisch is now listed on the Team
    page.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:49:23)
  * HELP: We need to finish up a GSoC mentor organization submission.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:50:38)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand[m] will write up a draft Markdown page for the
    GSoC ideas page.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:53:41)
  * HELP: We need to remove the old Beta Downloads links hosted by
    brand0.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:54:29)

* Funding  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:57:16)
  * LINK: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/85 I submitted a
    website PR to allow issue/task-specific Bitcoin donations.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:57:49)
  * HELP: We need someone (probably domob) to review my website PR to
    allow issue/task-specific Bitcoin donations.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:58:02)
  * On Bountysource we're receiving $15 USD/month from 1 recurring
    supporter.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:58:58)
  * On Bountysource our available balance is $359 USD.  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:59:06)
  * NMDF received 0.55 BTC during December.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:59:34)
  * NMDF's BTC balance is 4.58 BTC (some of which is currently allocated
    to bounties)  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:59:50)
  * NMDF received 1 NMC during December.  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 20:00:10)

Meeting ended at 20:06:15 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] will write up a draft Markdown page for the GSoC ideas
  page.




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m]
  * Jeremy_Rand[m] will write up a draft Markdown page for the GSoC
    ideas page.
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (73)
* hl (8)
* pigeons (2)
* qpm (2)
* jbisch (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
