<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:33 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-11'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:04:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Namecoin Core 0.19.0.1 is tagged, binaries are
    built and uploaded, and Gitian sigs are up.  All I have to do there
    is update the Downloads page to point to the new binaries, and write
    a brief news post about the release.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-12'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:05:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Kudos to bonfire for reproducing my Gitian
    hashes for GNU/Linux and Windows targets</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:06:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Tor Browser</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-18'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:09:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The Namecoin patch has (AFAICT) gotten all the
    way through code review, and is now in the "Georg tries to run it"
    phase.  Georg found 3 possible blockers in the first round of
    testing.  I've already fixed the 1st one (the fix is awaiting
    review).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-19'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:11:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Georg and I decided to figure out the 2nd one
    after he reviews the fix for the 1st one.  I can't actually
    reproduce the 3rd one, but Georg and I think it might have been a
    side effect of the 1st one.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-20'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:11:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I haven't spoken to Georg about this since
    Friday, which I assume is because the Tor people aren't working on
    weekends.  So we'll hopefully know more tomorrow morning (European
    time).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-21'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:14:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The 2nd possible blocker is probably (I think;
    haven't confirmed with Georg) going to be easy to do a
    quick-and-dirty fix to let a release go out.  A clean fix is going
    to be more annoying, but I think we can defer the clean fix until
    after a Nightly merge.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-23'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:16:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">36C3</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-25'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:17:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">ryan-c and I will both be at 36C3.  Officially,
    I'm the only one representing Namecoin this year.  ( jonasbits and
    Cassini will not be attending this year.)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-27'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:19:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">As usual, Namecoin is being hosted by the
    Monero Assembly at the Critical Decentralization Cluster.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-28'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:19:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also as usual, Namecoin's participation is
    being facilitated by our friends at Replicant, who this year will
    also have an Assembly at the CDC.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-29'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:20:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Interestingly, the CDC is in discussions with
    the About:Freedom Cluster about merging next year.  The
    About:Freedom Cluster hosts Assemblies such as EFF, FSFE, and...
    Tor!  All of the About:Freedom Cluster's Assemblies will be using
    the CDC stage.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-30'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:22:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I've reserved a talk slot and a workshop slot
    at the CDC for Namecoin.  The abstracts/descriptions are not yet
    filled in, but obviously I'm hoping to do a talk and workshop on the
    Tor Browser stuff.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-32'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:23:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Initially I did not want to give a
    talk/workshop on the Tor Browser stuff unless the patches were
    already merged by the time of the talk/workshop.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-33'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:25:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">However, one of the Tor people is telling me I
    should reconsider this, and ask Georg if it's okay to do a talk
    regardless of the review/merge status, with an obvious "no guarantee
    that this will actually be merged" disclaimer attached to the
    talk/workshop in the case that it's not yet merged.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-34'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:25:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I think he's successfully persuaded me to ask
    Georg about that.  That conversation will likely happen later this
    week, unless I chicken out.  ðŸ™‚</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-35'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:27:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The fact that the talk would be held on the
    stage that the Tor Assembly is using will hopefully make it more
    likely that we'll get approval.  That said, there is no guarantee
    that Georg will ACK doing the talk/workshop prior to a merge, and
    I'm not going to argue with him if he declines.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-37'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:29:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Meanwhile, there are hopefully going to be a
    lot of other informal Namecoin activities happening at 36C3, mostly
    related to coordinating with allied projects.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-38'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:31:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Fundraising</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-40'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:31:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As of a few days ago, we completed what will
    probably be the final milestone in our current NLnet funding pool.
    I'm waiting to hear back from NLnet about whether the Tor licensing
    issue is going to be a blocker for the payout.  Will hopefully have
    more news this week on that.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-41'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:32:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">So this means that we will imminently start
    planning our next funding proposal.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-42'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:33:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Conveniently, this coincides with 36C3.  So,
    given that the potential Tor Browser merge, the NLnet funding
    completion, and 36C3 are all converging at once time, it seems like
    36C3 may be a good place to talk to allied projects about
    coordinating on work that we could put on a funding proposal.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-43'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:34:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Unfortunately it looks like Tamas and Lola from
    ZeroNet will both not be at the Congress this year.  I was hoping to
    chat with at least one of them about this stuff.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html#l-44'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:36:46)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:39:33 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talo (37)</li>
  <li>TheJollyRoger (9)</li>
  <li>somewhat[m] (2)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
