=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:57 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-08-18-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Softfork Upgrade Status  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:09:09)
  * 99.6% of hashrate has been contacted about the upcoming softfork.
    24.4% have already confirmed that they upgraded successfully.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:09:54)
  * Both figures are noticeably higher than at the previous meeting.  I
    expect the latter figure to continue to rise quickly.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:10:39)

* Electrum-NMC  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:17:55)
  * Someone posted on the tech support forum recently saying that they
    weren't able to get Electrum-NMC v3.3.6.1 on Windows to connect to a
    server.  I haven't run across that behavior, but v3.3.5 through
    v3.3.6.1 were subject to some misbehavior due to a broken refactor,
    and that misbehavior did seem to affect Windows more strongly.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:19:48)
  * Electrum-NMC binaries for v3.3.7 were uploaded earlier today; I've
    asked the user to check whether it's fixed there.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:20:23)
  * Meanwhile, Daniel has been contributing some highly useful PR's to
    Electrum-NMC, mostly involving cleanup/refactoring of unit tests and
    AuxPoW.  The code is actually becoming somewhat clean as a result.
    \o/  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:23:10)

* ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:29:10)
  * We had a big release of ncdns v0.0.9.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:29:41)
  * ncdns v0.0.9 switched to the rbm-based build system from Tor
    Browser.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:30:14)
  * Builds aren't yet reproducible due to an upstream rbm bug that I've
    submitted a patch for.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:30:54)
  * ncdns v0.0.9 also includes the first public releases of DNSSEC-HSTS,
    ncp11, and ncprop279.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:31:23)
  * Preliminary documentation on using ncp11 is also pushed to the
    website.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:31:46)

Meeting ended at 20:10:54 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (33)
* jonasbits (13)
* TheJollyRoger (2)
* qpm (2)
* TheJollyRoger-M (2)
* grringo[m] (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
