=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 18:59:51 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Softfork  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:13:10)
  * As I mentioned over in #namecoin yesterday, the softfork activation
    is projected for less than a week from now.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:13:50)
  * The upshot is that a supermajority of hashrate has confirmed to me
    that they're upgraded, but a few smaller mining pools didn't get
    back to me when I contacted them.  So, there's a risk that a few
    miners might wind up mining invalid blocks, which will get quickly
    orphaned.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:15:21)
  * The largest exchange (Livecoin) as well as 100% of the Electrum
    server operators have confirmed that they've upgraded.  So a few
    orphan blocks are not likely to cause much disruption to the
    ecosystem.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:16:51)
  * That said, we should closely keep an eye on the situation in the few
    days surrounding the softfork activation.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:17:33)

* Namecoin Go ecosystem  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:23:24)
  * As those of you who pay attention in #namecoin-dev noticed, we've
    now got Travis notifying us daily in the event that ncdns-repro
    dependencies are outdated.  This should mitigate the stupid time
    sink of having to manually check dependency versions.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:24:51)
  * Also, I've added a build tag to ncdns that disables TLSA-related
    code, which should make the Tor folks happier wrt binary size
    concerns.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:26:11)

* Electrum-NMC  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:30:21)
  * master branch is still unusable due to the fallout of the lightning
    merge upstream, but things are improving noticeably in that
    department.  Probably going to need to ping Daniel about a remaining
    issue which needs some Namecoin Core expertise that I don't have.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:31:37)
  * The binary size optimizations from the Tor demo branch have been
    cherry-picked to the 3.3.8 branch.  In addition, I made the protobuf
    dependency optional, and allowed certifi to use a heavily-trimmed
    Mozilla root CA list (thanks ryan-c for the suggestion).  As with
    the TLSA stuff above, this should make the Tor folks happier wrt
    binary size concerns.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:33:41)
  * Also the binary size optimizations are selectable via rbm targets.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:34:28)
  * We're still aiming to have a patch sent to Tor for review by end of
    the month, though there are a bunch of remaining tasks with fairly
    uncertain ETA's, so hard to be confident about this.  Nothing that
    looks like a major roadblock though.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:37:15)
  * s/aiming to have a patch/aiming to have a tor-browser-build patch/
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:38:20)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:39:09)
  * As alluded to earlier, we're moving forward with having Cypher
    Market sell Namecoin merchandise.  No ETA on when exactly the first
    merchandise will be available for sale, but no blockers are known.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:40:27)
  * The Oklahoma City Peace Festival has tentatively invited me to have
    a Namecoin table there.  (I had a table there in 2017; I was invited
    back in 2018 but had to decline because the date collided with IGF
    in Paris.) Paperwork is submitted, I'm just waiting for the final
    word on whether they have space for me.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:42:50)
  * Hoping to have 36C3 info soon as well.  We plan to be hosted by the
    Monero Assembly once again, although it's possible that Namecoin
    will officially be its own Assembly so that the word "Namecoin"
    shows up on the venue map.  Either way, in practice we'll be part of
    the Monero Assembly.  As usual, if anyone has access to 36C3 presale
    vouchers, please ping me.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:45:50)

Meeting ended at 20:04:20 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (40)
* somewhat[m] (7)
* grringo[m] (5)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
