=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:01:23 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* SegWit Softfork  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:09:20)
  * I've started contacting mining pools to make sure they know about
    the upcoming softfork, which is projected to activate in 83 days
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:10:31)
  * Pools I've contacted so far are Antpool, F2Pool, and Slush, who
    collectively make up 38.7% of hashrate.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:11:28)
  * Slush's support team has gotten back to me already and says they've
    passed on my message to the developer team who handles the merged
    mining infrastructure.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:12:16)
  * Pools that I have contact info for but whom I haven't contacted yet
    are BTC.com, Poolin, BTC.TOP, ViaBTC, OK Pool, BitMinter, and
    ProHashing  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:15:22)
  * In order to figure out which pools currently mine NMC, I forked
    Cassini's `mm-blockstats` repo and fixed it to handle more pools and
    properly handle SegWit coinbase outputs.  The new repo is at
    https://github.com/namecoin/mm-blockstats  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:17:40)
  * Currently it can identify all but 0.3% of NMC hashrate.  0.2% of
    which is an unknown BSV pool, and the remaining 0.1% I have no idea
    what it is.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:18:43)
  * I'll hopefully have more info on miner upgrade status at our next
    meeting.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:21:29)

* Tor Development Meeting  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:26:14)
  * Meeting went very well.  As usual, I'm not going to go into lots of
    detail about the discussions, since I want people to be able to talk
    to me at conferences without worrying that off-the-cuff comments
    will get broadcast publicly.  That said, things are moving forward,
    and there don't appear to be any surprise blockers.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:27:53)

Meeting ended at 20:31:35 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (52)
* cannon-c[m] (24)
* somewhat[m] (14)
* TheJollyRoger (10)
* grringo[m] (5)
* qpm (2)
* jonasbits (2)
* TheJollyRoger-M (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
