<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Jan 20 18:58:51 2019 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand_Talo. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Hi everyone!  Welcome to the meeting.  Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> btw apologies for not advertising this meeting yesterday in the Matrix channels; there were some AFK things distracting me yesterday
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Okay, so this will be a short meeting in terms of stuff that's new on my end, due to the fact that I had to take about 1.5 weeks off due to illness
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> (looks like I'm recovered now, yay)
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> first topic:
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Electrum-NMC</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there's a lot of upstream stuff from Electrum that needs to be merged into Electrum-NMC</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I've started merging it yesterday, and have made some progress, but might not actually be caught up before tomorrow</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I'm also spending a bit of time trying to get some refactors merged upstream by Electrum, so that Namecoin can more easily merge upstream changes in the future.</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Specifically, I'm starting with some refactors to make `UTXOList` easier to subclass (we have a subclass called `UNOList` which currently needs to duplicate a lot of `UTXOList` code)</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:10:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> That's everything for Electrum-NMC, now moving onto the next topic
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Unfortunately, it's pretty clear that I'm already overextended in terms of both dev and logistics right now.  As a result, I'm not going to be able to handle being a GSoC admin or mentor this year without half-assing it, and that wouldn't be ethical to the students.</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">So, looks like we won't apply to GSoC this year.  2020 is likely to be a lot better.</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">On the bright side, it does look like some new developers may be in the process of coming on board, via non-GSoC recruiting mechanisms.  (35C3 was very helpful in this regard.)</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> That's everything for GSoC
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> And those are the only topics that I wanted to bring up today; does anyone else here want to bring up anything today?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> okay then, I guess that's the end of the meeting.  Hopefully next time I'll do a better job of announcing it ahead of time.  Happy hacking everyone!
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
