19:16:15 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #startmeeting
19:16:16 <qpm> Meeting started Sun Dec  1 19:16:15 2019 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand_Talo. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:16:16 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:18:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Hi everyone!  Welcome to the meeting.  Sorry for the delay starting the meeting today.
19:18:32 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
19:41:54 <somewhat[m]> *somewhat waves and apologizes for their tardiness
19:42:33 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> ah hello somewhat
19:42:53 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> I suppose 2 people is technically sufficient for a meeting.
19:44:47 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> So, there's not a vast amount of news to report today.  DNS editor GUI for Electrum-NMC is taking shape quite well.
19:45:51 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Hoping to have that ready for merging within a week or so.
19:46:31 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Meanwhile, the word from Georg is that the tor-browser-build patch should be reviewed within a couple of weeks.  (No predictions on what that review will recommend.  ðŸ™‚ )
19:47:15 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Oh, and we got DNSSEC-HSTS released for Chrome.
19:48:45 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> On a funding note, currently 907 EUR remain in our NLnet funding.  So, our NLnet stuff will be completed very soon.
19:49:29 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> somewhat: anything you'd like to bring up?
19:53:17 <somewhat[m]> Jeremy_Rand_Talos: no
20:09:59 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> ok.  Since there's not much more to bring up (spoiler: I didn't write up detailed notes for this meeting because I was busy doing actual work), I guess I'll close the meeting
20:10:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #endmeeting