<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:01:23 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SegWit Softfork</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:09:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">I've started contacting mining pools to make
    sure they know about the upcoming softfork, which is projected to
    activate in 83 days</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:10:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Pools I've contacted so far are Antpool,
    F2Pool, and Slush, who collectively make up 38.7% of
    hashrate.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-16'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:11:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Slush's support team has gotten back to me
    already and says they've passed on my message to the developer team
    who handles the merged mining infrastructure.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-17'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:12:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Pools that I have contact info for but whom I
    haven't contacted yet are BTC.com, Poolin, BTC.TOP, ViaBTC, OK Pool,
    BitMinter, and ProHashing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-18'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:15:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">In order to figure out which pools currently
    mine NMC, I forked Cassini's `mm-blockstats` repo and fixed it to
    handle more pools and properly handle SegWit coinbase outputs.  The
    new repo is at https://github.com/namecoin/mm-blockstats</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-20'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:17:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Currently it can identify all but 0.3% of NMC
    hashrate.  0.2% of which is an unknown BSV pool, and the remaining
    0.1% I have no idea what it is.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-21'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:18:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I'll hopefully have more info on miner upgrade
    status at our next meeting.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-22'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:21:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Tor Development Meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-25'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:26:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Meeting went very well.  As usual, I'm not
    going to go into lots of detail about the discussions, since I want
    people to be able to talk to me at conferences without worrying that
    off-the-cuff comments will get broadcast publicly.  That said,
    things are moving forward, and there don't appear to be any surprise
    blockers.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html#l-27'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:27:53)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:31:35 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-07-21-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talo (52)</li>
  <li>cannon-c[m] (24)</li>
  <li>somewhat[m] (14)</li>
  <li>TheJollyRoger (10)</li>
  <li>grringo[m] (5)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
  <li>jonasbits (2)</li>
  <li>TheJollyRoger-M (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
