19:00:17 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #startmeeting
19:00:17 <qpm> Meeting started Sun May 19 19:00:17 2019 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand_Talo. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:00:17 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:00:52 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Hello everyone!  Welcome to the Namecoin development meeting.  Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
19:03:27 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo hopes he's not the only one who's here today...
19:03:40 <grringo[m]> :)
19:03:48 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Hi grringo !
19:04:13 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: since you're new here, would you like to briefly introduce yourself?
19:05:35 <grringo[m]> I'm JS developer and I have some time to help if there is such demand.
19:05:53 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> cool
19:07:04 <grringo[m]> I'm curious how far is the project form act as regular DNS server + .bit resolver?
19:07:35 <TheJollyRoger> Ahoy Cap'n!
19:07:37 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Well, looks like only 2 people are here at the moment.  Not super surprising, as we're around the start of summer and probably a lot of people are out and about.  Not a problem, we can still cover things and everyone else will be able to read the minutes
19:07:46 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> ah, make that 3 people
19:07:50 <TheJollyRoger> o7
19:08:18 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: can you define your question a bit more precisely?  What functionality are you wondering about?
19:08:34 <TheJollyRoger> Ahoy grringo[m] !
19:09:19 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo keeps picturing a Mexican version of Tony the Tiger when he sees grringo 's username ðŸ™‚
19:10:11 <TheJollyRoger> XD
19:11:29 <grringo[m]> I wan't to get DNS server on my localhost to speed up normal DNS resolving and also want to be able to use .bit domains work as well - without hassle.
19:11:29 * TheJollyRoger1 uploaded an image: nice-to-meet-you.gif (1727KB) < https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/v1/download/matrix.org/dAzGJptSdZGosJjEVWQoZBKU >
19:13:36 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: that's already a thing for Windows (ncdns-nsis).  I think there's some ongoing work relating to deb/rpm packages for similar functionality on GNU/Linux (ncdns-repro should help a lot there).
19:13:59 <jonasbits> one more
19:14:06 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> hi jonasbits !
19:14:19 <TheJollyRoger> Ahoy! o7
19:16:17 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: is there anything that ncdns-nsis doesn't do that you think it should?
19:17:32 <grringo[m]> I'm mac user :(
19:18:21 <jonasbits> me to
19:18:29 <grringo[m]> Maybe I will try to make docker package or something
19:19:41 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: ah, ok.  So, right now we don't have funding for creating a macOS installer (funds available were limited, and GNU/Linux and Windows were higher priority when we applied for NLnet funding).  But that might change next time we apply for funding.  We'd certainly welcome any volunteer who wants to develop one
19:19:46 <grringo[m]> ncdns-nsis resolves standard domains as well? or users have to switch between DNS servers?
19:20:26 * TheJollyRoger1 starts looking up how to create a hackintosh...
19:20:59 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: I'm not particularly familiar with how macOS installers usually are created, but Bitcoin Core is able to create them from a GNU/Linux build machine, so maybe Bitcoin's code would be useful there.  I think using a macOS build machine would be a dealbreaker here due to security/freedom concerns.
19:21:34 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: ncdns-nsis installs DNSSEC-Trigger, which handles DNS domain names
19:21:56 <TheJollyRoger1> Makes sense ðŸ˜“
19:22:16 <grringo[m]> ok, I will try with Docker
19:22:37 <grringo[m]> also, I noticed that work on UI is progressing quite slow - how about use WebView as UI + namecoind RPC API?
19:22:38 <grringo[m]> Usually is the easiest way to get a nice, cross-platform interface.
19:23:16 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: generally speaking I don't trust Docker's security very much.  Some Namecoin software (particularly Electrum-NMC) uses Docker for its build procedure, but we're trying to get that fixed, not add more Docker dependencies
19:24:25 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo has a bad enough time as-is trying to explain to the Tor guys that we're trying to get rid of the Docker dependency ðŸ˜ž
19:24:55 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: UI for what in particular?  The wallet?
19:25:48 <TheJollyRoger1> ðŸ˜¢
19:27:13 <grringo[m]> ok, but most users are not as much paranoic or rather the just want to check/experiment/test how namecoin works. Simple Docker container that works as DNS + .bit resolver can by nice entry point.
19:27:46 <grringo[m]> yes. UI for wallet + doman register + id register + notary(?)
19:28:22 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: the fact that some users don't understand how bad Docker is doesn't mean we should encourage them.  Why not just do what Bitcoin Core does?  UX is fine there, and doesn't adversely impact security
19:30:15 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: to the extent that wallet UI dev has been slow, it's mainly because of things that have nothing to do with the framework choice.  In Namecoin Core's case, it's because the RPC interface needs additional methods added, and no one has had time to finish adding them.  In Electrum-NMC's case, it's just a matter of me being the only current Electrum-NMC developer and me being busy with things besides UI.
19:30:16 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> That said, check out the UI in 3.3.5, it's noticeably improved.
19:31:48 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: if you're suggesting using either Firefox's or Chromium's rendering engine as a dependency of a wallet UI, I don't think that's going to be doable due to the attack surface it introduces (and it's not clear to me what the benefits would be anyway)
19:32:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> (Qt and PyQt are already cross-platform)
19:34:21 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> (as an aside, I think it's questionable whether Docker is actually good UX for typical macOS users anyway)
19:36:19 <grringo[m]> could be easier to use than trying to build everything manually
19:36:52 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: no one is proposing that macOS users build everything from source though
19:40:58 <grringo[m]> Is there something like roadmap for Namecoin project?
19:42:49 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: yes, but unfortunately it's not public, because at some point I need to go through it and cleanly segregate the work items (can be made public) from the discussion points (which include a lot of off-the-cuff comments that the authors didn't authorize to be made public).  If there's a particular topic you're interested in, I can expedite the public release of stuff from the roadmap that's related to that
19:42:50 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> topic
19:43:27 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> e.g. I already did so for the consensus fork wishlist
19:44:21 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> I suppose the GSoC project ideas page has some resemblance to a roadmap too, though it hasn't been updated for about a year since we didn't apply to GSoC this year
19:44:47 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> we'll probably apply to GSoC in 2020 though.  I wasn't very happy about us not applying this year.
19:47:44 <TheJollyRoger1> Hopefully by then I will be able to get better hours and more time to start on documentation.
19:48:51 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> JollyRoger: indeed, we'll also consider applying to GSoD (assuming that they run the program in 2020; this is the first year they're doing it, so if it goes badly they might decide to abandon it)
19:50:21 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> JollyRoger: FYI I have a contact at an org that participates in GSoC regularly; I might look into whether their org could include Namecoin if we don't get accepted to GSoC in 2020
19:50:51 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> This is, of course, heavily dependent on a lot of uncertainties between now and 2020
19:50:52 <TheJollyRoger1> Woah, okay!
19:51:01 <TheJollyRoger1> Yeah...
19:51:47 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> anyways...
19:52:45 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: I understand browser extensions are something you're comfortable with?  Have you had a chance to glance at the DNSSEC-HSTS codebase?  (I know it's messy, most of it was written as a PoC for 35C3 and was done on a very tight schedule)
19:53:46 <grringo[m]> Tomorrow I will try to setup components again
19:53:52 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> ok
19:54:41 <grringo[m]> Is there a way to persist on Namecoin blockchain key-value that never expires?
19:55:39 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: kind of (specifically the "name epochs" approach works fine for that), but there's not much tooling for it
19:56:10 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Also note that once SegVal is a thing, name epochs would require some 3rd party to store the relevant value preimage for you
20:01:36 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> meanwhile, before I forget
20:01:40 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic Electrum-NMC
20:01:51 <grringo[m]> Is someone developing idea of using Namecoin for identities?
20:02:13 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 binaries are built: https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/429
20:02:51 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #help It would be useful if someone could test the Android and AppImage binaries of Electrum-NMC.  This is the first time we've published them, I have no idea if they work.
20:04:10 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: to my knowledge there aren't any identity use cases being actively developed, but there has been some discussion about trying to revive that, for use cases like Ricochet/Cwtch.
20:04:49 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> grringo: I think there was some discussion about maybe using Namecoin for OpenAlias-style stuff as well
20:05:38 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Technically I'd expect that Namecoin already should work with OpenAlias, as long as the OpenAlias client is properly handling Namecoin's DNSSEC keys
20:05:49 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Never tested it though
20:06:57 <somewhat[m]> *somewhat smiles thinking about what could be on roadmap
20:09:30 <TheJollyRoger1> Human readable and secure and distributed Onion URLs!
20:09:40 * TheJollyRoger1 goes starry-eyed thinking about it!
20:10:20 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo declines to comment about that subject
20:11:35 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Electrum-NMC adds a name inventory count to the status bar (next to the NMC balance)
20:12:10 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 also adds a date estimate for name expiration to the Manage Names tab
20:12:32 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 also fixes Manage Names display of names that are pending registration
20:13:09 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> any other Electrum-NMC things anyone wants to bring up?
20:13:15 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> (or should we move to the next topic?)
20:17:54 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> ok, moving on
20:18:04 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic Namecoin Core
20:18:22 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Namecoin Core 0.18.0 is tagged.
20:18:53 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Namecoin Core 0.18.0 schedules a softfork (P2SH+CSV+SegWit), which will activate in around 5.5 months.
20:19:44 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #action Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian binaries of Core 0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they need to upgrade
20:23:22 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> and moving along...
20:23:27 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic Packaging
20:23:41 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> This is actually somewhat related to grringo 's inquiry...
20:24:03 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Upstream Electrum has a PR pending from Lola regarding adding deb packages.
20:24:35 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info If anyone here is an expert on creating deb packages, particularly from Python software, you may wish to comment in Lola's PR
20:28:07 <TheJollyRoger1> Prebuilt deb packages sound awesome!
20:28:18 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo concurs
20:29:35 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic Exchanges
20:30:34 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info As many of you heard, Poloniex and Bitsane are delisting NMC.  Reasons are unclear; Poloniex seems to be giving very weird justifications for this (including allegedly claiming it was due to regulatory pressure)
20:30:59 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Obviously Bisq is still working fine, and is what we're recommending
20:31:44 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #help It would be useful if people could ACK/NACK some issues/PR's relating to cleaning up the Exchanges list on Namecoin.org.  List of relevant issues/PR's is at https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/labels/exchanges
20:35:07 <TheJollyRoger1> Crap. I don't trade cryptocurrency, but shoot, that's awful to hear the exchanges aren't wanting to play ball anymore.
20:35:59 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> JollyRoger: I've never used Poloniex, but I've heard a lot of stories about their sketchiness.  I'm not exactly sad to see them exiting our ecosystem.
20:36:34 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Besides, decentralized exchanges are a lot more secure/private, so if a couple of centralized exchanges exiting incentivizes people to move to Bisq, then I think that's a net benefit
20:38:05 <TheJollyRoger1> Whew. Okay great!
20:38:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Anyways.  Those are all the topics I wanted to bring up.  Anyone else have other questions/comments about anything?  Maybe anything from grringo ?
20:42:25 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo has some AFK stuff he needs to deal with today, so will probably head out soon if no one has any additional things to bring up
20:42:54 <TheJollyRoger1> Hmm...
20:43:03 <TheJollyRoger1> I don't think so, not yet.
20:43:37 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> ok then.
20:43:42 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #endmeeting