=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:17 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Electrum-NMC  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:01:40)
  * Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 binaries are built:
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/429
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:02:13)
  * HELP: It would be useful if someone could test the Android and
    AppImage binaries of Electrum-NMC.  This is the first time we've
    published them, I have no idea if they work.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    20:02:51)
  * Electrum-NMC adds a name inventory count to the status bar (next to
    the NMC balance)  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:11:35)
  * Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 also adds a date estimate for name expiration to
    the Manage Names tab  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:12:10)
  * Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 also fixes Manage Names display of names that are
    pending registration  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:12:32)

* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:18:04)
  * Namecoin Core 0.18.0 is tagged.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:18:22)
  * Namecoin Core 0.18.0 schedules a softfork (P2SH+CSV+SegWit), which
    will activate in around 5.5 months.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:18:53)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian binaries of
    Core 0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they need to
    upgrade  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:19:44)

* Packaging  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:23:27)
  * Upstream Electrum has a PR pending from Lola regarding adding deb
    packages.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:24:03)
  * If anyone here is an expert on creating deb packages, particularly
    from Python software, you may wish to comment in Lola's PR
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:24:35)

* Exchanges  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:29:35)
  * As many of you heard, Poloniex and Bitsane are delisting NMC.
    Reasons are unclear; Poloniex seems to be giving very weird
    justifications for this (including allegedly claiming it was due to
    regulatory pressure)  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:30:34)
  * Obviously Bisq is still working fine, and is what we're recommending
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:30:59)
  * HELP: It would be useful if people could ACK/NACK some issues/PR's
    relating to cleaning up the Exchanges list on Namecoin.org.  List of
    relevant issues/PR's is at
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/labels/exchanges
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:31:44)

Meeting ended at 20:43:42 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian binaries of Core
  0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they need to upgrade




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo
  * Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian binaries of Core
    0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they need to upgrade
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (74)
* grringo[m] (17)
* TheJollyRoger1 (14)
* TheJollyRoger (5)
* qpm (2)
* jonasbits (2)
* somewhat[m] (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
