=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:03:17 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-06-16-19.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:12:26)
  * Namecoin Core 0.18.0 has binaries built.  We're just waiting for
    Gitian sigs to flow in.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:13:32)
  * IDEA: Should I ask on /r/Namecoin for volunters to build Gitian
    sigs?  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:14:11)
  * ACTION: TheJollyRoger  will (maybe) do a Gitian build of Namecoin
    Core  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:27:43)
  * ACTION: Jeremy_Rand_Talos will ask on Reddit for volunteers to do
    Gitian builds of Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:00:01)

* ncdns etc  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:04:45)
  * A lot of progress has happened with building ncdns (and the rest of
    the Namecoin Go ecosystem) with rbm  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:05:50)
  * ncdns now builds for GNU/Linux and Windows in master branch of
    ncdns-repro, and there are PR's adding macOS target, as well as
    DNSSEC-HSTS, ncp11, and certdehydrate-dane-rest-api projects.
    ncp11's rbm binaries are tested and working on Tor Browser for
    GNU/Linux and Windows, as well as Firefox for Debian Buster.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:09:45)
  * That means we should shortly be able to claim the "TLS Tor Browser"
    NLnet milestone  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:10:56)
  * Hopefully soon we'll get ncdns-nsis (ncdns Windows installer)
    building in rbm as well  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:18:56)

* Electrum-NMC  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:29:02)
  * I've resubmitted my Merkle checkpoint PR to upstream Electrum,
    including a bunch of abstractions that will be highly useful for
    adapting it to AuxPoW with minimal patch size.  Hopefully they'll be
    able to merge it soon.  This will allow Electrum-NMC to do name
    lookups much more efficiently.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:31:11)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:39:43)
  * I need to follow up with Cypher Market about adding Namecoin
    merchandise.  Will hopefully get to it in the next week.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:40:39)

Meeting ended at 21:14:14 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* TheJollyRoger  will (maybe) do a Gitian build of Namecoin Core
* Jeremy_Rand_Talos will ask on Reddit for volunteers to do Gitian
  builds of Namecoin Core




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo
  * Jeremy_Rand_Talos will ask on Reddit for volunteers to do Gitian
    builds of Namecoin Core
* TheJollyRoger
  * TheJollyRoger  will (maybe) do a Gitian build of Namecoin Core
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (50)
* TheJollyRoger (34)
* cannon-c[m] (14)
* qpm (2)
* somewhat[m] (2)
* TheJollyRoger-M (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
