<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 18:59:51 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Softfork</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-10'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:13:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As I mentioned over in #namecoin yesterday, the
    softfork activation is projected for less than a week from
    now.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-11'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:13:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The upshot is that a supermajority of hashrate
    has confirmed to me that they're upgraded, but a few smaller mining
    pools didn't get back to me when I contacted them.  So, there's a
    risk that a few miners might wind up mining invalid blocks, which
    will get quickly orphaned.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:15:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The largest exchange (Livecoin) as well as 100%
    of the Electrum server operators have confirmed that they've
    upgraded.  So a few orphan blocks are not likely to cause much
    disruption to the ecosystem.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:16:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">That said, we should closely keep an eye on the
    situation in the few days surrounding the softfork
    activation.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-16'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:17:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Go ecosystem</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-20'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:23:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As those of you who pay attention in
    #namecoin-dev noticed, we've now got Travis notifying us daily in
    the event that ncdns-repro dependencies are outdated.  This should
    mitigate the stupid time sink of having to manually check dependency
    versions.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-21'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:24:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also, I've added a build tag to ncdns that
    disables TLSA-related code, which should make the Tor folks happier
    wrt binary size concerns.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-22'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:26:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Electrum-NMC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-25'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:30:21)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">master branch is still unusable due to the
    fallout of the lightning merge upstream, but things are improving
    noticeably in that department.  Probably going to need to ping
    Daniel about a remaining issue which needs some Namecoin Core
    expertise that I don't have.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-26'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:31:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The binary size optimizations from the Tor demo
    branch have been cherry-picked to the 3.3.8 branch.  In addition, I
    made the protobuf dependency optional, and allowed certifi to use a
    heavily-trimmed Mozilla root CA list (thanks ryan-c for the
    suggestion).  As with the TLSA stuff above, this should make the Tor
    folks happier wrt binary size concerns.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-27'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:33:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Also the binary size optimizations are
    selectable via rbm targets.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-28'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:34:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We're still aiming to have a patch sent to Tor
    for review by end of the month, though there are a bunch of
    remaining tasks with fairly uncertain ETA's, so hard to be confident
    about this.  Nothing that looks like a major roadblock
    though.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-29'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:37:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">s/aiming to have a patch/aiming to have a
    tor-browser-build patch/</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-32'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:38:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-33'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:39:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As alluded to earlier, we're moving forward
    with having Cypher Market sell Namecoin merchandise.  No ETA on when
    exactly the first merchandise will be available for sale, but no
    blockers are known.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-34'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:40:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The Oklahoma City Peace Festival has
    tentatively invited me to have a Namecoin table there.  (I had a
    table there in 2017; I was invited back in 2018 but had to decline
    because the date collided with IGF in Paris.) Paperwork is
    submitted, I'm just waiting for the final word on whether they have
    space for me.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-36'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:42:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Hoping to have 36C3 info soon as well.  We plan
    to be hosted by the Monero Assembly once again, although it's
    possible that Namecoin will officially be its own Assembly so that
    the word "Namecoin" shows up on the venue map.  Either way, in
    practice we'll be part of the Monero Assembly.  As usual, if anyone
    has access to 36C3 presale vouchers, please ping me.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html#l-37'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:45:50)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:04:20 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-10-06-18.59.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talo (40)</li>
  <li>somewhat[m] (7)</li>
  <li>grringo[m] (5)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
