=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:01:25 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-10-20-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Softfork  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:06:40)
  * I'm excited to report that the P2SH+CSV+SegWit softfork is now
    active on Namecoin mainnet.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:07:39)
  * Activation was a little bit bumpy in terms of network disruption,
    but things stabilized pretty fast.  All of the major mining pools
    are now mining compliant blocks.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:08:54)
  * I spent several days following activation babysitting the network
    and coordinating with mining pools and other service providers.
    This unfortunately meant that not as much Tor stuff got done this
    week as I would have liked.  That said, the Tor people were warned
    in advance that my productivity would be shot this week, so I don't
    think they'll be unhappy.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:11:33)
  * The softfork activation means we are now free to move forward with
    various smart-contract projects, including integration with various
    decentralized exchanges, which is part of our anonymity blueprint.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:14:06)

* Tor  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:20:22)
  * Stream isolation patches have been merged into a significant number
    of Namecoin projects in the last 2 weeks, including ncprop279,
    madns, and ncdns.  We also got an ACK on a revised version of the
    btcd cookie isolation patch.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:22:34)
  * At this point most of the bottleneck is waiting for Nick to finish
    reviewing the torspec stream isolation patch.  I'm not expecting
    this to be a huge delay.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:23:50)
  * The previous projection of having a final tor-browser-build patch
    sent to the Tor devs by end of October is looking like it was a tad
    too optimistic (due to the softfork eating up time), but it doesn't
    look like we'll be very behind that.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:24:59)
  * err, s/cookie isolation/cookie authentication/  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:26:18)

* 36C3  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:29:29)
  * 36C3 private presale begins tomorrow.  Anyone here who wants to go
    to 36C3, please make sure I have your email address so that you can
    be sent a voucher.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:30:50)
  * For the 3rd year straight, Namecoin will be hosted by the Monero
    Assembly at 36C3.  We're hoping to have at least 1 kickass talk for
    the Congress; it looks like we'll be coming down to the wire on
    getting the talks ready.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:32:18)
  * Search Engine  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:43:54)

* Search Engine  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:44:06)
  * My Talos recently got a RAM upgrade, which means I have bucketloads
    of RAM to run a search engine in the background for a few weeks.  So
    hopefully we'll have an updated and more complete census of the
    Namecoin ecosystem soon.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:45:31)

Meeting ended at 20:08:08 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (53)
* M7918070_[m] (9)
* grringo[m] (6)
* TheJollyRoger (3)
* TheJollyRoger-M (3)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
