=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 18:59:50 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-09-01-18.59.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Electrum-NMC  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:11:25)
  * Upstream Electrum merged the Lightning branch recently.  This is a
    big merge, and it broke quite a lot of stuff upstream.  Even more
    breakage occurred downstream in Electrum-NMC as a result.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:12:49)
  * I've been patching things up, but it's likely that the Electrum-NMC
    master branch will remain heavily broken for at least another week.
    Users who want working software should use a stable branch for now.
    (Though that's generally considered good advice anyway.)
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:14:42)

* Softfork  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:17:54)
  * 38.7% of hashrate (Antpool, F2Pool, and Slush) has upgraded so far.
    BTC.com, Poolin, and BitMinter (35.6% total) say that they're
    working on upgrading as well, and should be upgraded shortly.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:20:52)
  * Currently the softfork is expected to activate in around 42 days.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:22:42)
  * ViaBTC (9.5%), BTC.TOP (8.9%), Huobi (4.5%), Bixin (1.4%), OK Pool
    (0.9%), and Prohashing (0.1%) were each notified at least once but
    did not get back to me.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:24:36)
  * I will continue badgering the remaining miners to upgrade.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:27:08)

* Go ecosystem docs  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:29:43)
  * I pushed new documentation to namecoin.org for ncp11 as well as
    ncprop279+StemNS.  It now should be fairly straightforward for
    people to test them out with Tor Browser.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:30:50)
  * Docs for DNSSEC-HSTS should be added in the near future as well.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:31:15)
  * These will, AFAICT, satisfy some more NLnet criteria, meaning we get
    paid soon.  \o/  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:32:04)

Meeting ended at 19:38:54 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (31)
* TheJollyRoger (13)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
