=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:36 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-03-17-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Electrum-NMC optimizations  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:08:19)
  * The cp_height PR is still working its way through upstream review.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:08:47)
  * There was some minor disagreement about a couple of the
    optimizations I made in that PR, which is still in the process of
    being discussed  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:09:18)
  * Neil has requested that I submit a protocol and code PR for the
    CBOR+DEFLATE transport; I intend to do that when I have some time
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:10:05)
  * I noticed an optimization that can be made to Namecoin Core's AuxPoW
    serialization that will save 36 bytes per AuxPoW header, which is
    around 4% of Electrum-NMC's bandwidth usage.  Daniel is looking into
    implementing it.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:11:28)
  * (The optimization is that Namecoin Core currently serializes the
    parent block hash and the parent coinbase transaction's Merkle
    index.  The former is redundant because its preimage also is present
    in AuxPoW headers, and the latter is redundant because the coinbase
    transaction is always the first transaction, so its Merkle index is
    always 0.)  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:12:45)

* Electrum-NMC rebranding static analyzer  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:19:09)
  * I got tired of randomly stumbling across bugs in Electrum-NMC that
    were caused by me failing to change Bitcoin-related strings to
    Namecoin equivalents when merging stuff from upstream
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:19:48)
  * So I made a static analyzer to check for that stuff for me
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:20:10)
  * It found quite a lot of bugs.  Most of them were fairly harmless
    (e.g. GUI display bugs), but it did find a few important ones
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:20:59)
  * Among other things, it found that the message signing code was
    broken, and that the KeepKey hardware wallet code was broken.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:21:59)
  * HELP: I think I've fixed those bugs, but I don't have a KeepKey
    wallet to test with.  Do we know anyone with a KeepKey device who
    can test the fix?  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:22:59)
  * If all else fails, I'll just ask on Reddit and Twitter if someone
    can test it for us.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:24:05)
  * Also the static analyzer indicates that the localization code in
    Electrum-NMC is likely to be horribly broken.  Not surprising since
    I've never tested it with non-English locales.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:26:01)
  * At some point we'll probably need to just set up a Transifex account
    for Electrum-NMC as well as Namecoin Core.  I haven't had the time
    to do it yet, but at some point it'll be necessary for UX reasons.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:27:22)

* Merchandise  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:43:34)
  * I've reached out to Diego from Cypher Market.  It looks like it's
    feasible to list Namecoin merchandise there.  However, there's a
    small issue on their website right now that breaks some stuff when
    accessing it over Tor with JavaScript disabled.  Diego and I think
    it's feasible to fix; we'll continue discussing listing Namecoin
    merchandise there once that issue is fixed.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:45:08)

* YaCy search engine for Namecoin  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:50:58)
  * I've written a tool (in Go) that automatically prepares a YaCy
    installation for use as a Namecoin search engine (i.e. setting the
    Use Case settings appropriately).  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:51:55)
  * Next I plan to write another Go tool that automatically triggers a
    YaCy crawl based on the Namecoin blockchain  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:52:23)
  * Also, happily, chromium-driver Debian/ppc64le packages are now
    available from Raptor, so I should be able to make some progress on
    a ZeroNet search engine too  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:53:20)

Meeting ended at 20:30:51 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (52)
* JollyRoger` (11)
* somewhat[m] (7)
* qpm (2)
* hl (2)
* jonasbits (1)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
