=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:37 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-03-03-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* This is the first Namecoin meeting that was announced in advance via
  the Namecoin Meeting Reminder bot.  It looks like it was successful,
  as we have more people here today than at the previous few meetings.
  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:03:36)
* Electrum-NMC  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:07:02)
  * As you may recall, I've been spending a lot of time lately
    optimizing Electrum-NMC's usage of bandwidth.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:08:18)
  * I'm happy to report that checkpointed AuxPoW truncation is now
    supported by at least 2/3 of the public ElectrumX Namecoin servers.
    (This feature reduces the bandwidth usage for block headers that are
    covered by a checkpoint, by around 90%.)  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:09:55)
  * The only public server that might not support it at the moment is
    Richard Ulrich's server -- I can't verify whether it supports it
    because his TLS cert expired.  I've emailed him about it, hopefully
    he'll renew it soon.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:10:44)
  * Now that support for checkpointed AuxPoW truncation is present on
    most of the servers, I've merged its client-side code to
    Electrum-NMC master branch.  The next release of Electrum-NMC will
    require support for it from any server it connects to.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:12:17)
  * Meanwhile, the next major optimization is cp_height support.  This
    feature uses Merkle proofs to allow downloading a single
    checkpoint-covered header without needing any of the surrounding
    headers.  It should eliminate nearly all of the bandwidth usage for
    headers covered by a checkpoint.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:14:32)
  * cp_height is already supported in ElectrumX (it's Neil's code); I've
    been working on adding it to upstream Electrum, with the intent to
    merge it to Electrum-NMC after upstream merges it.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:15:30)
  * Interestingly, Electron-Cash (an altcoin fork of Electrum) already
    has cp_height support, so most of the work I'm doing consists of
    porting Electron-Cash's support to Electrum.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:16:17)
  * A cp_height PR was sent to upstream Electrum for review, and I'm
    working my way through the review process.  I'm hoping it'll be
    merged within a week.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:17:11)
  * After cp_height is merged, there are a few other optimizations.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:18:19)
  * It turns out that Bitcoin and Namecoin block headers have some
    redundant data.  Specifically, the `prev_hash`, `bits`, and
    `parent_block_hash` fields can be inferred from nearby data, so we
    can strip them from headers on the ElectrumX side and reconstruct
    them on the Electrum-NMC side.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:19:59)
  * This saves 32 + 4 + 32 = 68 bytes per header, which isn't an
    enormous savings but it's still useful.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:21:00)
  * I've implemented initial support for this compression in ElectrumX;
    I still need to implement it for Electrum and Electrum-NMC.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:22:12)
  * Neil is also playing around with making Electrum's protocol use CBOR
    and/or DEFLATE rather than JSON with hex-encoded binary data.  This
    should yield very nice compression.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:23:35)
  * Finally, on the latency side of things rather than bandwidth, there
    are a lot of round trips in Electrum-NMC's name lookups, and this is
    kind of annoying.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:25:42)
  * It's bad enough that when accessed over Tor, name lookups for names
    that use the `"import"` field actually end up timing out with
    default DNS timeout settings.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:25:53)
  * I'm intending to add some protocol extensions that allow us to
    decrease the number of round trips.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:26:00)
  * This seems to have come up on the Mozilla Mailing List. It looks
    like Mozilla too is starting to make the move to take out Public Key
    Pinning.
    https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?format=default&id=1412438
    (JollyRoger`, 19:36:31)
  * AFAIK that bug has been there for a while (I'm on the CC list), and
    to my knowledge it won't (yet) remove preloaded pins, it'll only
    remove the HTTP mechanism of setting pins.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    19:39:29)
  * Assuming that they don't get rid of preloaded pins, it's likely that
    this won't adversely impact our plans for Firefox support for
    Namecoin TLS, since we're intending to set pins via pkcs11, which
    presumably would be used for preloaded pins, not just HTTP-set pins.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:40:26)
  * That said, it's definitely a good idea to keep an eye on that bug.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:41:14)
  * If, for some reason, Mozilla indicates that they want to get rid of
    preloaded pins, then we'll probably want to start complaining
    loudly.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:41:53)
  * It should be noted that we have several contacts at Mozilla,
    including both decentralized web people and a privacy/security
    person, who may be able to escalate any relevant issues that we
    bring up, should it be necessary.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:43:48)

* Debian packages  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:51:14)
  * mhatta has submitted a Namecoin Core package to Debian.
    https://ftp-master.debian.org/new/namecoin_0.17.0~dfsg-1.html
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:52:04)
  * My understanding is that an ncdns package will be coming shortly
    from him as well.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:52:47)
  * This raises questions about what other Namecoin software we want to
    have packaged in Debian.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:53:53)
  * Anything based on Bitcoin Core is not likely to migrate from Sid to
    Testing, because of the consensus safety concerns that the Bitcoin
    Core devs have raised about most GNU/Linux distros' packaging
    policies (including those of Debian).  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:55:17)
  * If ncdns's package has a Namecoin lookup client as a dependency,
    then that means that ncdns can't migrate to Testing either unless
    either ConsensusJ-Namecoin or Electrum-NMC gets packaged.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:56:04)
  * Of the two, Electrum-NMC seems like the logical priority, because
    Electrum is already packaged in Debian, and Electrum-NMC's
    relationship with upstream is a lot more mature than that of
    ConsensusJ-Namecoin.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:57:16)
  * NLnet has funding for up to 2 Namecoin GNU/Linux packages.  My
    inclination is to award that funding to mhatta for ncdns, and also
    for Electrum-NMC if mhatta is interested in packaging it.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:59:29)
  * If additional funding is available from NMDF (I need to check with
    Phelix and Daniel), I'd be in favor of funding the packaging of
    various other Namecoin ecosystem software.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    20:01:13)
  * AGREED: Use NLnet funds to cover ncdns and Electrum-NMC packages for
    Debian  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:06:03)

* Reproducible builds of ncdns  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:11:35)
  * AGREED: JollyRoger` will try out hl's ncdns-repro repo
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:30:31)

* Namecoin T-Shirts  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:32:30)
  * When I've been at conferences recently, people seem to keep asking
    me if they can buy a Namecoin t-shirt like the one I custom-printed
    for myself  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:33:05)
  * Which brings up the question of what vendor we might want to use.  I
    used SpreadShirt to print mine, but they don't accept Bitcoin and
    their website is generally hostile to Tor Browser, so I'm hesitant
    to use them for official Namecoin promotional purposes.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:34:11)
  * Coincidentally, when I was at 35C3 I met Diego from Monero (he MC'ed
    the stage at our Cluster), and learned that he runs a side business
    that sells t-shirts.  https://cyphermarket.com/  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    20:35:23)
  * My understanding is that they accept Bitcoin, Monero, and credit
    cards, which pretty much covers all of our potential audience.
    Their website works fine for me over Tor, though I haven't checked
    whether it needs JS for anything.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:36:43)
  * Should we ask Diego about selling Namecoin merchandise on Cypher
    Market?  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:37:36)
  * AGREED: Jeremy will talk to Diego about selling Namecoin merchandise
    on Cypher Market  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 20:50:51)

* YaCy  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:08:06)
  * As you know, I presented a very rough proof-of-concept of a Namecoin
    search engine (based on YaCy) at DWS 2018.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    21:08:48)
  * Since then, the topic has become more relevant, because some clowns
    on Wikipedia have messed with Namecoin's page, inserting false
    claims that Namecoin is only used by circa 20-30 websites.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:09:57)
  * The easiest way to counter that misinformation is to get the search
    engine properly released  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:10:18)
  * So, I've started to get my YaCy-related ncdns patches submitted as
    PR's, and I've also started improving the documentation on how to
    set up a Namecoin search engine with YaCy.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    21:11:44)
  * My Talos is currently running a YaCy node that (I think) is seeding
    a non-darknet Namecoin index to the YaCy P2P network.  In theory
    that means that anyone running YaCy on a Namecoin-enabled system
    will be able to search for .bit websites.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo,
    21:12:52)
  * I've also asked anoa to write some helper scripts to automate
    setting up such a node.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:13:24)
  * In the foreseeable future I'll also hopefully get back to work on
    the darknet Namecoin indexes, specifically ZeroNet
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:13:57)
  * Chromium should work on the Talos now, so the ZeroNet indexing
    scripts I had on my ThinkPad should hopefully run nearly unmodified
    on my Talos  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:14:35)
  * I'm aware that NMDF has some funding that's earmarked for the YaCy
    work; I'd suggest awarding some of it to anoa for whatever work he
    ends up doing in this department  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 21:16:29)

Meeting ended at 21:23:12 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (93)
* JollyRoger` (42)
* somewhat[m] (10)
* hl (7)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
