<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 18:58:51 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Electrum-NMC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-9'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:05:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">there's a lot of upstream stuff from Electrum
    that needs to be merged into Electrum-NMC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-10'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:05:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I've started merging it yesterday, and have
    made some progress, but might not actually be caught up before
    tomorrow</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-11'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:06:15)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I'm also spending a bit of time trying to get
    some refactors merged upstream by Electrum, so that Namecoin can
    more easily merge upstream changes in the future.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-12'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:07:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Specifically, I'm starting with some refactors
    to make `UTXOList` easier to subclass (we have a subclass called
    `UNOList` which currently needs to duplicate a lot of `UTXOList`
    code)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:08:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 19:10:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Unfortunately, it's pretty clear that I'm
    already overextended in terms of both dev and logistics right now.
    As a result, I'm not going to be able to handle being a GSoC admin
    or mentor this year without half-assing it, and that wouldn't be
    ethical to the students.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-16'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:11:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">So, looks like we won't apply to GSoC this
    year.  2020 is likely to be a lot better.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-17'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:12:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">On the bright side, it does look like some new
    developers may be in the process of coming on board, via non-GSoC
    recruiting mechanisms.  (35C3 was very helpful in this
    regard.)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html#l-18'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    19:14:10)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:21:51 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-01-20-18.58.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talo (20)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
