<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Meeting started Sun Aug  4 19:02:08 2019 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand_Talo. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;qpm&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Hi everyone!  Welcome to the meeting
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Can we get a roll call of who's here today?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> sdgathman
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Hi sdgathman
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> *somewhat waves
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Hi somewhat
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Okay, so, first topic
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Softfork Schedule</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We've notified 86.2% of hashrate about the upcoming softfork.  14.5% has already confirmed that they've upgraded; I expect that number to climb quickly.</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> Quick statement of what feature the softfork adds?  (For those of us on the periphery)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The mining pools that we haven't talked to yet are Poolin, Bixin, Prohashing, and BitMinter.  None of those pools have a public email address, so contacting them is less fun.  There are also a small number of mining pools that we can't identify from coinbase parsing, but IIRC they're less than 1% hashrate combined, so I'm not going to bother trying to track that 1% down.</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">For reference, the softfork activates P2SH, CSV, and SegWit.</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The softfork is expected to activate in a little bit over 2 months from now.</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> That's all the news on softfork activation; any questions/comments about that topic?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:16:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> Any non-mining node obsoleted?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sdgathman:</span> as with all softforks, SPV clients are unaffected; full node clients that don't upgrade will end up on semi-SPV security but otherwise are unaffected as well
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> however
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Note that because P2SH and SegWit repurpose the semantics of scriptPubKeys that were previously considered "anyone can spend", there is an incentive for miners to try to get away with mischief if a lot of users haven't upgraded their full nodes</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">So, I strongly recommend that anyone running Namecoin Core who doesn't need the name management GUI should upgrade to 0.18.0 as soon as possible.</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:20:58 </span><span class="nka">* sdgathman</span> <span class="ac">noted</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Meanwhile, next topic...
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Miscellaneous Golang Project Updates</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> (weird topic name, yes, but there's no other common thread to these)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I've successfully split out Namecoin's fork of `crypto/x509` into its own repo.  This allows ncdns's repo to be revised independently of the Golang compiler version.</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:26:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This is a critical step towards integrating with Tor's build system.  I haven't yet configured ncdns-repro or tor-browser-build to use this, but it should be pretty easy.</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I've also successfully gotten ncdns to work with a current release of Conformal's btcd RPC client library, instead of the stupid 4-year-old heavily-patched fork that we weren't maintaining.</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:29:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">One of the patches we were carrying wasn't relevant anymore (only mattered for ancient Core versions); another was fixed upstream long ago (ConsensusJ and Electrum support); the last one I've submitted upstream for review (cookie authentication support)</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits_&gt;</span> cool!
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I did need to submit a patch upstream to Conformal that changes 3 API symbols from private to exported, so that we can add Namecoin-specific RPC calls.  It's submitted, hopefully they'll look at it soon.  If they don't get to it soon, we can probably maintain our own fork for a while (it's a trivial patch).</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Currently the new Namecoin RPC client package exposes `NameShow`, `NameScan`, and `NameQuery`, the last one of which is like `NameShow` but only returns the value without the metadata.</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">As a side effect of this refactor, `ncdt` and `ncdumpzone` now support cookie authentication.</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Meanwhile, I started doing reproducibility testing on ncdns.  It turns out that we're not reproducible right now.  I traced the bug via Diffoscope, and found that there's a bug in upstream rbm.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Specifically, upstream rbm contaminates tar.gz files with timestamps as part of the gzip header</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I tried switching to tar.xz and that was reproducible, so that's a short-term fix.  I chatted with Nicolas from Tor about the issue, and he helped me code up a patch that fixes tar.gz; I've submitted that and it's awaiting review.</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:37:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I also addressed Nicolas's feedback on the Golang build script refactor patch; it's now awaiting review as well.</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">One more thing: documentation is now written for using ncp11 with Tor Browser.  So we're very very close to a release of ncp11.</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> woah!
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:44:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> I mean, it only took, what, 2 or 3 from-scratch rewrites to get TLS in Tor Browser working properly?  Massively over budget, but we'll take the hit, and I'm super happy that it's finally working.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> so, any questions/comments about any of the above misc. Golang Namecoin ecosystem things?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> would tor users be concerned about a namecoin name changing owners - i.e. expiring and a different pubkey now controls it?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> Do they get any indication now?  Maybe an age in the security popup.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sdgathman:</span> The Tor developers never raised that as a concern with me AFAIK.  I can ask them whether they want any kind of special handling for that case, but I'm almost certain they won't want any kind of functionality that keeps track of whether a name has been reregistered since it was last accessed (since Tor Browser is designed to be amnesic).
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:52:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> does ncp11 being ready affect plans for initial integration with tor browser?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:52:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> that
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:52:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> That
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> That is why I suggested age - that doesn
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sdgathman&gt;</span> t require any memory in the browser.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:53:38 </span><span class="nka">* sdgathman</span> <span class="ac">stupid keyboard puts quotes on an Fn key ...</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">somewhat:</span> I don't think the Tor devs will want any kind of non-onion-service resolution in the initial Tor Browser nightlies that have Namecoin support, but AFAIK there's no problem with doing it later.  ncp11 being released is unlikely to affect that.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:57:09 </span><span class="nka">* jonasbits_</span> <span class="ac">also thinks age would be a nice feature</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:57:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sdgathman:</span> I can definitely picture the name age being useful in the security display (or maybe the circuit display).  I'll make a note to run that idea by the Tor UX team and see if they see any issues there
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> okay, so any other questions/comments about the Go ecosystem stuff I covered above?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> ok, next topic
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Electrum-NMC</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> ( i have been running golang dnsseeder for a long time, it crawls continuosly and we have 180 nodes at all times )
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The primary blocker from Tor's perspective at this point is stream isolation for name lookups in Electrum-NMC, along with the plumbing to get Tor to pass its stream isolation data through to Electrum-NMC.</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">I've started discussing with the upstream Electrum devs about how they want this to be done.  I'm hoping to have a patch submitted upstream within a couple weeks, along with a Namecoin-specific patch for the parts that aren't applicable to Bitcoin.</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The initial patch will probably have performance issues, because it will do a TCP handshake + TLS handshake + Electrum handshake on-demand each time a new stream ID is opened.  The "right way" to handle this is to preemptively open connections for use by stream-isolated RPC commands, but doing this safely without side channel leaks is complicated, and I'm probably not going to bother with that until after</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> we're in Tor's nightlies.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Meanwhile, I'm happy to report that I'm no longer the only active Electrum-NMC developer.  Xaya is funding Daniel to do Electrum-NMC development now; he's already sent in some PR's.</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It also looks like there's a chance we can get Xaya to sponsor the SegVal scalability work for Namecoin.  Daniel informs me that SegVal is similar enough to some stuff that Xaya wants, that it's likely that SegVal can share a lot of implementation code with Xaya.  No confirmation on this yet though.</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> any questions/comments about those things?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> *not from somewhat
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Okay, final topic from me:
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:26:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Public Relations</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">You've probably by now seen the media circus about OpenNIC following the recommendation from me and PRISM Break lead maintainer Yegor Timoshenko to remove .bit from their root zone.</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A journalist from ZDNet.fr (who's interviewed me before) asked me for a comment on the subject; I replied with a quite extensive/detailed statement including a timeline of relevant events and various other analysis.  I'm very glad I did, because his article on the subject turned out great IMO.  https://www.zdnet.fr/actualites/namecoin-l-integrite-mais-a-quel-prix-39888667.htm</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:31:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> (For non-French-speakers, running it through Bing Translator yields something that's quite easy to understand)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:33:30 </span><span class="nka">* sdgathman</span> <span class="ac">proxies .bit on my own nameservers, but understands that having it in a public dns root may mislead the naive</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">20:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> *somewhat goes to catch bus
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">20:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> Anyone have other topics you'd like to bring up today?  (Those are all the topics I had.)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">20:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> Testnet maybe
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">20:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> Is it a good time to reset that?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">20:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Testnet</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jonasbits:</span> go ahead
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Testnet is missing a dnsseed to bootstrap new clients joining... its possible to re-join by using an IP adress of a Testnet node.. but i currently dont know of any</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jonasbits:</span> I'd like to see a testnet reset, preferably with a new AuxPoW chain ID.  DNS seeds + updated IP seeds + ElectrumX servers would be great too.  Unfortunately I'm not going to have time to touch that topic in the next month at least, but if you'd like to submit a PR to Namecoin Core, my guess is that Daniel would be fine with merging it.  (And I might even be able to review it.)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> i have a VPS were im running https://github.com/gombadi/dnsseeder for main-net, I can start running it for Testnet
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:45:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> sure, will try
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Mobile wallet</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">20:48:37 </span><span class="nka">* Jeremy_Rand_Talo</span> <span class="ac">likes this topic</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">20:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> I would like to bring up Coinomi - https://www.coinomi.com/downloads/ - its not a Name wallet, but its something
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">20:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> i have been using it for a long time
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">20:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jonasbits:</span> AFAIK Coinomi isn't actually open-source, as of last time I looked (maybe a year ago).  Has that changed?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">20:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> but its not open source
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">20:50:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> yea thats a problem
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">20:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jonasbits:</span> Electrum-NMC should work on Android now; I believe somewhat tested it.  It doesn't have GUI support for name operations, but that should be fixable if someone wants to work on it.  The GUI is in Kivy, which looks pretty simple.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">20:51:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> i will try it out
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">20:54:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jonasbits:</span> also note that since Tor Browser supports Android as a first-class platform, getting Namecoin into Tor Browser stable releases will require Electrum-NMC name lookups to work on Android.  If you'd like to work on that by any chance, there's a chance that Cyphrs could be persuaded to fund some of that.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">20:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> (I'm happy to ask them about it if you, or anyone else, would like to work on that)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">20:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> will remember that
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">20:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> any other topics?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">21:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> Im done!
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">21:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> Thanks for moderation Jeremy_Rand_Talo
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">21:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> just one last thing
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">21:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> *moderating
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">21:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> in the tor notes
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">21:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> it mentioned they do not need android to work
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">21:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> any comments son this Jeremy_Rand_Talos
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">21:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> *on this
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">21:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">somewhat:</span> yes, so the funded deliverable being discussed in that session only requires getting into the Alpha builds, not the Stable builds.  Alpha does not need to have feature parity for Android; Stable does.  Or at least, that's my understanding of it.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">21:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> also yes jonasbits electrum-nmc works on android
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">21:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Jeremy_Rand_Talos:</span> ok
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">21:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> thanks somewhat[m]
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">21:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> anything else before we close?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">21:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;somewhat[m]&gt;</span> *somewhat is done
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">21:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> excellent.  Thanks for attending everyone!
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">21:11:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jonasbits&gt;</span> Thanks Jeremy
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">21:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Jeremy_Rand_Talo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
