<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:17 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Electrum-NMC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-73'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 20:01:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 binaries are built:
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/429</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-75'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:02:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">It would be
    useful if someone could test the Android and AppImage binaries of
    Electrum-NMC.  This is the first time we've published them, I have
    no idea if they work.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-76'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:02:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Electrum-NMC adds a name inventory count to the
    status bar (next to the NMC balance)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-85'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:11:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 also adds a date estimate
    for name expiration to the Manage Names tab</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-86'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:12:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Electrum-NMC 3.3.5 also fixes Manage Names
    display of names that are pending registration</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-87'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:12:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-91'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 20:18:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Namecoin Core 0.18.0 is tagged.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-92'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:18:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Namecoin Core 0.18.0 schedules a softfork
    (P2SH+CSV+SegWit), which will activate in around 5.5 months.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-93'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:18:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian
    binaries of Core 0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they
    need to upgrade</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-94'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:19:44)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Packaging</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-96'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 20:23:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Upstream Electrum has a PR pending from Lola
    regarding adding deb packages.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-98'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:24:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If anyone here is an expert on creating deb
    packages, particularly from Python software, you may wish to comment
    in Lola's PR</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-99'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:24:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Exchanges</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-102'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>, 20:29:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As many of you heard, Poloniex and Bitsane are
    delisting NMC.  Reasons are unclear; Poloniex seems to be giving
    very weird justifications for this (including allegedly claiming it
    was due to regulatory pressure)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-103'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:30:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Obviously Bisq is still working fine, and is
    what we're recommending</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-104'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:30:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">It would be
    useful if people could ACK/NACK some issues/PR's relating to
    cleaning up the Exchanges list on Namecoin.org.  List of relevant
    issues/PR's is at
    https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/labels/exchanges</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html#l-105'>Jeremy_Rand_Talo</a>,
    20:31:44)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:43:42 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2019-05-19-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian binaries of Core 0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they need to upgrade</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> Jeremy_Rand_Talo <ol>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talos will look into building Gitian binaries of Core 0.18.0 and notifying service providers that they need to upgrade</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand_Talo (74)</li>
  <li>grringo[m] (17)</li>
  <li>TheJollyRoger1 (14)</li>
  <li>TheJollyRoger (5)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
  <li>jonasbits (2)</li>
  <li>somewhat[m] (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
