=====================
#namecoin-dev Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand_Talo at 19:00:33 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2019/namecoin-dev.2019-12-15-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:04:23)
  * Namecoin Core 0.19.0.1 is tagged, binaries are built and uploaded,
    and Gitian sigs are up.  All I have to do there is update the
    Downloads page to point to the new binaries, and write a brief news
    post about the release.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:05:23)
  * Kudos to bonfire for reproducing my Gitian hashes for GNU/Linux and
    Windows targets  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:06:07)

* Tor Browser  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:09:18)
  * The Namecoin patch has (AFAICT) gotten all the way through code
    review, and is now in the "Georg tries to run it" phase.  Georg
    found 3 possible blockers in the first round of testing.  I've
    already fixed the 1st one (the fix is awaiting review).
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:11:28)
  * Georg and I decided to figure out the 2nd one after he reviews the
    fix for the 1st one.  I can't actually reproduce the 3rd one, but
    Georg and I think it might have been a side effect of the 1st one.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:11:42)
  * I haven't spoken to Georg about this since Friday, which I assume is
    because the Tor people aren't working on weekends.  So we'll
    hopefully know more tomorrow morning (European time).
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:14:37)
  * The 2nd possible blocker is probably (I think; haven't confirmed
    with Georg) going to be easy to do a quick-and-dirty fix to let a
    release go out.  A clean fix is going to be more annoying, but I
    think we can defer the clean fix until after a Nightly merge.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:16:07)

* 36C3  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:17:57)
  * ryan-c and I will both be at 36C3.  Officially, I'm the only one
    representing Namecoin this year.  ( jonasbits and Cassini will not
    be attending this year.)  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:19:02)
  * As usual, Namecoin is being hosted by the Monero Assembly at the
    Critical Decentralization Cluster.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:19:32)
  * Also as usual, Namecoin's participation is being facilitated by our
    friends at Replicant, who this year will also have an Assembly at
    the CDC.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:20:25)
  * Interestingly, the CDC is in discussions with the About:Freedom
    Cluster about merging next year.  The About:Freedom Cluster hosts
    Assemblies such as EFF, FSFE, and... Tor!  All of the About:Freedom
    Cluster's Assemblies will be using the CDC stage.
    (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:22:04)
  * I've reserved a talk slot and a workshop slot at the CDC for
    Namecoin.  The abstracts/descriptions are not yet filled in, but
    obviously I'm hoping to do a talk and workshop on the Tor Browser
    stuff.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:23:16)
  * Initially I did not want to give a talk/workshop on the Tor Browser
    stuff unless the patches were already merged by the time of the
    talk/workshop.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:25:11)
  * However, one of the Tor people is telling me I should reconsider
    this, and ask Georg if it's okay to do a talk regardless of the
    review/merge status, with an obvious "no guarantee that this will
    actually be merged" disclaimer attached to the talk/workshop in the
    case that it's not yet merged.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:25:40)
  * I think he's successfully persuaded me to ask Georg about that.
    That conversation will likely happen later this week, unless I
    chicken out.  ðŸ™‚  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:27:31)
  * The fact that the talk would be held on the stage that the Tor
    Assembly is using will hopefully make it more likely that we'll get
    approval.  That said, there is no guarantee that Georg will ACK
    doing the talk/workshop prior to a merge, and I'm not going to argue
    with him if he declines.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:29:25)
  * Meanwhile, there are hopefully going to be a lot of other informal
    Namecoin activities happening at 36C3, mostly related to
    coordinating with allied projects.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:31:06)

* Fundraising  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:31:26)
  * As of a few days ago, we completed what will probably be the final
    milestone in our current NLnet funding pool.  I'm waiting to hear
    back from NLnet about whether the Tor licensing issue is going to be
    a blocker for the payout.  Will hopefully have more news this week
    on that.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:32:52)
  * So this means that we will imminently start planning our next
    funding proposal.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:33:17)
  * Conveniently, this coincides with 36C3.  So, given that the
    potential Tor Browser merge, the NLnet funding completion, and 36C3
    are all converging at once time, it seems like 36C3 may be a good
    place to talk to allied projects about coordinating on work that we
    could put on a funding proposal.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:34:59)
  * Unfortunately it looks like Tamas and Lola from ZeroNet will both
    not be at the Congress this year.  I was hoping to chat with at
    least one of them about this stuff.  (Jeremy_Rand_Talo, 19:36:46)

Meeting ended at 19:39:33 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand_Talo (37)
* TheJollyRoger (9)
* somewhat[m] (2)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
