<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:01:19 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-12'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:09:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/201">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/201</a>
    Windows Gitian builds of Namecoin Core were broken; I fixed that.
    nc0.15.99-name-tab-beta2 is expected to have Windows binaries. <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:09:15)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/202">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/202</a>
    The Namecoin Core release process for macOS was outdated, I fixed
    that.  nc0.15.99-name-tab-beta2 is expected to have macOS binaries.
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-17'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:11:15)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/204">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/204</a>
    The Namecoin Core Windows installer now uses the Namecoin logo
    instead of the Bitcoin logo. <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-19'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:14:52)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/178">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/178</a>
    Namecoin Core added a new DNS seed, operated by markasoftware. <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-21'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:18:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">Right now our
    jurisdictional diversity in DNS seeds isn't very good (one German
    domain name and one American domain name.)  Should I ask virus_net
    whether he's interested in setting up a Russian DNS seed?</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-23'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:20:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">Jeremy_Rand[m] will ask virus_net if he's interested
    in running a DNS seed</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-30'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:26:09)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/205">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/205</a>
    Now that macOS builds of Namecoin Core work, macOS has been
    re-enabled in the release process. <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-31'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:28:53)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/206">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/206</a>
    Namecoin Core's modal overlay (displayed while the blockchain is
    syncing) now properly says Namecoin instead of Bitcoin, and
    clarifies that name updates and name lookups are impacted by the
    not-synced status. <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-37'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:37:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">(hopefully this will reduce the number of
    people who are confused by ncdns not working while the blockchain is
    still syncing)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-38'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:38:19)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/195">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/195</a>
    Namecoin Core added an onion seed node, operated by redblade7. <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-45'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:44:32)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/177">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/177</a>
    Namecoin Core removed broken DNS seeds from Marius and George.
    (Thanks to markasoftware for the PR.) <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-47'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:45:04)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/207">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/207</a>
    Daniel fixed a Travis CI issue in Namecoin Core that I reported.
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-48'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:47:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">(Maybe one of these days Travis won't be
    regularly failing :) )</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-49'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:47:55)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/208">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/208</a>
    I fixed the macOS binaries to use the Namecoin logo instead of the
    Bitcoin logo.  Thanks to upsuper for testing the fix. <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-50'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:49:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span
    class="HELP">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/194 I
    posted a proposal for modifying the name RPC commands in Namecoin
    Core; review would be appreciated.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-51'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:51:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span
    class="IDEA">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/108#issuecomment-356084499
    We might want to consider using `revgrep` instead of `csbuild` for
    future static analysis work.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-52'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:53:23)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span
    class="HELP">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/187#issuecomment-356158329
    brand0's name tab PR needs a rebase due to merge conflicts against
    current master branch.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-53'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:55:40)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/187#issuecomment-357937535">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/187#issuecomment-357937535</a>
    I posted some review of brand0's name tab PR based on some testing
    on regtest. <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-55'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:56:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span class="HELP">I tagged
    nc0.15.99-name-tab-beta1 and posted GNU/Linux Gitian sigs for it.
    midnightmagic has posted sigs as well.  I'd like to see one more
    person post Gitian sigs before I release binaries.  Anyone able to
    help with this?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-57'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:58:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span
    class="HELP">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/pull/162 Can
    midnightmagic rebase this PR against current master branch?</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-58'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    20:00:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-61'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 20:05:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span
    class="HELP">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/89 We're
    planning to apply to Google Summer of Code as a mentor organization,
    we could use some help reviewing our Suggested Project Ideas
    List.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-62'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    20:05:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span
    class="HELP">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/issues/214 The
    FAQ has some terminology errors (e.g. "ICANN DNS" and similar), it
    would be great if someone can fix those.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-65'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    20:13:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">HELP</i>: <span
    class="HELP">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/issues/215 The
    FAQ also has some terminology errors about PGP.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-67'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    20:13:38)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/211">https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin.org/pull/211</a>
    I added a "Contribute" page to the Namecoin website. <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html#l-69'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    20:14:12)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:30:28 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2018-01-21-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] will ask virus_net if he's interested in running a DNS seed</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> Jeremy_Rand[m] <ol>
    <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] will ask virus_net if he's interested in running a DNS seed</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] (62)</li>
  <li>jbisch (10)</li>
  <li>jonasbits (3)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
