19:03:51 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #startmeeting
19:03:52 <qpm> Meeting started Sun Sep  2 19:03:52 2018 UTC.  The chair is Jeremy_Rand_Talo. Information about MeetBot at https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:03:52 <qpm> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:04:28 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> hey everyone, welcome to the meeting
19:04:42 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> can we get a roll call of who's here today?
19:07:47 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> well, while we're waiting for people to show up, I'll give a brief summary of what I've been working on lately
19:09:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic NLnet
19:10:20 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info AFAICT 2 of the NLnet milestones are ready for us to claim: "DNS Tor Browser" and "Bundle SPV and ncdns"
19:11:36 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info "DNS Tor Browser" had mostly been working for months, but was blocked by broken `DNAME` support in `madns` and `dns-prop279`
19:12:25 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info `DNAME` was fixed in `madns` and `dns-prop279` for the ncdns v0.0.8 release, so we can claim the milestone now.
19:14:45 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info "Bundle SPV and ncdns" was also mostly working for months, but was blocked by a couple of bugs that broke the ConsensusJ-Namecoin installation (specifically cookie authentication and Visual C++ runtime detection)
19:15:33 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info both of the "Bundle SPV and ncdns" bugs were also fixed in ncdns v0.0.8, so we can claim that milestone now too
19:16:56 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info the "DNS Tor Browser" and "Bundle SPV and ncdns" milestones are currently undergoing a 1-week public accountability period on Reddit, the forum, and #namecoin.  If anyone reports bugs during that week, then we fix them before filing the claims with NLnet
19:18:11 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info The next milestones that I'm expecting to be claimable are TLS Chrome GNU/Linux, Electrum Currency, and TLS Firefox.
19:19:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info TLS Chrome GNU/Linux should be claimable right now AFAICT, but it's currently a backup milestone so I need to make sure there's developer consensus for upgrading it on the roadmap.  I can't think of any reason not to upgrade it.
19:20:39 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Electrum Currency is borderline claimable now.  Arguably blocked by lack of rebranded exchange rate display and broken unit tests in Electrum-NMC v3.2.2 (the current release), both of which are fixed in master branch.
19:21:23 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Electrum-NMC v3.2.2.2 is tagged as of today, and should fix the exchange rate display and unit tests.
19:21:56 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Once Electrum-NMC v3.2.2.2 binaries are released, I think the Electrum Currency milestone is unambiguously claimable.
19:23:19 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info TLS Firefox is currently claimable except for the fact that `tlsrestrict_nss_tool` is unusable on Windows because of no `certutil` binaries for it.  I'm coordinating with the Tor folks to get `certutil` binaries released.
19:24:36 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> So that's where we stand on NLnet claims.  Any questions and/or comments on that before we move on?
19:25:16 <midnightmagic> Ah, hello.
19:25:23 <midnightmagic> Yay I made it into the meeting minutes!
19:25:52 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo waves hello to midnightmagic
19:26:16 <midnightmagic> It's okay to ping me at the start of the meeting my good man. :-)
19:27:03 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> heh, ok
19:27:08 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> :)
19:29:11 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> alright, moving along...
19:29:23 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic 35C3
19:29:59 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info 35C3 is confirmed to be in Leipzig again; Namecoin intends to have some developers attend.
19:30:13 <midnightmagic> Nice! Who's going?
19:30:45 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info We'd been wondering why the heck it was taking so long to announce the location.  We found out yesterday why it was taking the CCC so long.
19:31:55 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Turns out that the CCC has been fighting with the Leipzig hotel industry.  Apparently the capitalist cartels who run the Leipzig hotels decided that 35C3 would be a great chance to jack up prices for the week by 500%.
19:34:13 <midnightmagic> #agreed Scummy anti-competitive hotel behaviour is scummy
19:34:57 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info Anyway, I do have a hotel room reserved at a sane rate (reserved it many months ago).  AFAIK jonasbits and I will be going to 35C3, and there might be a slot available for a 3rd Namecoiner to room with us.  (There'll also probably be 2 Technoethical people in the room, as with last time.)
19:36:12 <midnightmagic> So the hotel room fits five..?
19:37:05 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info No word yet on when presale vouchers will start getting distributed.  Hopefully very soon.  I'm hoping to get a voucher from Technoethical same as last year, but if anyone has other voucher-obtaining chances, please use them too ðŸ™‚
19:38:02 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: yes, it's a fairly large room.  It's exactly the same room as the one we booked last year in fact.  (AFAIK it's the only 5-person room in the building)
19:38:18 <midnightmagic> ï¿½ah nice.
19:39:47 <midnightmagic> Well, as usual I doubt I'll be showing up at pretty much any of these sorts of things but I'll be there in spirit.
19:41:00 <midnightmagic> #info The Technoethical laptops seem to be fairly inexpensive
19:41:05 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: one of my friends couldn't make it to a conference, so he asked his friends to carry a sign with his face on it throughout the conference so that he'd be there in spirit.  Should we do that for you?
19:41:16 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> j/k of course
19:42:01 <midnightmagic> Hah. You can put my little cthulhu octopus thingy on a business card and hand it out. How soon do we have before the conference?
19:42:37 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: it's December 27-30
19:43:08 <midnightmagic> Plenty of time to have mysterious cardstock printed up.
19:43:33 * Jeremy_Rand_Talo needs moar business cards
19:46:37 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> anyways.  Those are the topics I wanted to cover today.  Anything else you'd like to cover midnightmagic ?
19:47:41 <midnightmagic> Perhaps..
19:47:51 <midnightmagic> The bot hasn't been recording meetings since May..?
19:48:00 <midnightmagic> Just verifying it didn't miss anything..?
19:49:14 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Not certain.  I think a lot of meetings during the last few months got canceled due to schedule constraints.  Hopefully meetings will actually resume being regular from here on out.
19:51:56 <midnightmagic> Okay, fair enough. Well nothing else from this end.
19:52:30 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> alright.  tfreedman , anything you'd like to bring up today?
19:52:34 <midnightmagic> #action midnightmagic will be happy to review stuff
19:53:23 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #agreed WELCOME TO THE MACHINE
19:53:47 <tfreedman[m]> Jeremy_Rand_Talos: nah
19:54:42 <tfreedman[m]> Although if anyone else wants to help review web content over the next couple weeks, that'd be appreciated
19:55:58 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic Website
19:56:06 <midnightmagic> #action midnightmagic can help with web content review
19:56:30 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #info tfreedman has been very busy submitting PR's to the namecoin.org repo that need review
19:57:13 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #help Moar reviewers for tfreedman 's PR's would be greatly appreciated
19:57:13 <midnightmagic> Okay, well I don't mind reading stuff.
19:58:09 <midnightmagic> tfreedman[m]: ping me with specific PRs in the PR and it'll pop up as stuff for me to do, or ping me in here.
19:58:24 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: a lot of this is right up your alley, since you're good at noticing inaccuracies in cryptocurrency technical docs that most people don't notice
19:58:53 <midnightmagic> Cool. Yeah I don't mind reading stuff at all.
20:01:15 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> oh.  Another topic...
20:01:18 <tfreedman[m]> Cool
20:01:30 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #topic Namecoin Core
20:03:13 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #help If anyone here is reasonably comfortable in C++ and would like to code and submit a PR to Namecoin Core for storing queued transactions in the wallet, that would help speed things along quite nicely.  Domob and brand0 haven't had enough time to get to that task yet.
20:04:05 <midnightmagic> Is information on that hanging out somewhere I can read about?
20:04:23 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: yes, lemme dig up the link, one sec...
20:06:46 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #help (specifically, the Namecoin Core issue in question is https://github.com/namecoin/namecoin-core/issues/233 )
20:06:54 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: ^
20:06:59 <midnightmagic> Understood, thanks.
20:07:28 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> midnightmagic: any chance you'd be up for coding some of that?
20:07:52 <midnightmagic> C++ is a little rusty. I was more curious about it what you're talking about. Sorry, don't mean to get your hopes up.
20:08:03 <midnightmagic> :-)
20:08:20 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> no worries
20:10:45 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> Alright, I think that's all I was going to bring up.  Anything else before we close the meeting?
20:11:11 <midnightmagic> None here.
20:15:15 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> alright.  Thanks for attending!
20:15:22 <midnightmagic> \o/
20:15:25 <Jeremy_Rand_Talo> #endmeeting