<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:00:43 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Namecoin Core</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-10'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:04:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We could use some more testers for brand0 's
    name tab PR.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-13'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:05:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I'm planning to make a release tag for that PR,
    and then do Gitian builds of it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-14'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:06:00)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Hopefully that will help facilitate more people
    testing it out</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-15'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:06:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-18'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:11:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As you may have heard, GSoC applications for
    mentor organizations are open</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-19'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:11:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I'd like us to apply if feasible (i.e. if we
    have enough suggested projects and mentors)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-20'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:12:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">I'll be revising the suggested project list
    from last year sometime in the next few days</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-21'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:12:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">jbisch informs me that GSoC applications close
    on Jan 23</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-22'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:16:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Public Relations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-29'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>, 19:22:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As you've heard, jonasbits_  and I attended
    34C3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-30'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:22:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Lots of useful discussions happened there,
    which will hopefully lead somewhere productive.  Also I did 3 talks
    there; 2 of them are expected to have videos posted (in late
    January)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html#l-31'>Jeremy_Rand[m]</a>,
    19:23:40)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:44:00 UTC
(<a href="namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Jeremy_Rand[m] (32)</li>
  <li>hl (9)</li>
  <li>jbisch (6)</li>
  <li>qpm (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
