===========================================
#namecoin-dev: Namecoin Development Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Jeremy_Rand[m] at 19:00:43 UTC. The full logs are
available at
https://midnightmagic.github.io/namecoin-meeting/namecoin-dev/2018/namecoin-dev.2018-01-07-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------
* Namecoin Core  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:04:37)
  * We could use some more testers for brand0 's name tab PR.
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:05:32)
  * I'm planning to make a release tag for that PR, and then do Gitian
    builds of it  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:06:00)
  * Hopefully that will help facilitate more people testing it out
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:06:32)

* GSoC  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:11:31)
  * As you may have heard, GSoC applications for mentor organizations
    are open  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:11:57)
  * I'd like us to apply if feasible (i.e. if we have enough suggested
    projects and mentors)  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:12:18)
  * I'll be revising the suggested project list from last year sometime
    in the next few days  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:12:44)
  * jbisch informs me that GSoC applications close on Jan 23
    (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:16:30)

* Public Relations  (Jeremy_Rand[m], 19:22:01)
  * As you've heard, jonasbits_  and I attended 34C3  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:22:21)
  * Lots of useful discussions happened there, which will hopefully lead
    somewhere productive.  Also I did 3 talks there; 2 of them are
    expected to have videos posted (in late January)  (Jeremy_Rand[m],
    19:23:40)

Meeting ended at 19:44:00 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* Jeremy_Rand[m] (32)
* hl (9)
* jbisch (6)
* qpm (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: https://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
